[[Valdiviezo-Diaz_ComprehensiveSurveyKnowledgeGraphbasedRecommender_2021]]

# [A Comprehensive Survey of Knowledge Graph-Based Recommender Systems: Technologies, Development, and Contributions](https://doi.org/10.3390/info12060232)

## [[Janneth Chicaiza; Priscila Valdiviezo-Diaz]]

## Abstract
In recent years, the use of recommender systems has become popular on the web. To improve recommendation performance, usage, and scalability, the research has evolved by producing several generations of recommender systems. There is much literature about it, although most proposals focus on traditional methods’ theories and applications. Recently, knowledge graph-based recommendations have attracted attention in academia and the industry because they can alleviate information sparsity and performance problems. ==We found only two studies that analyze the recommendation system’s role over graphs, but they focus on specific recommendation methods==. This survey attempts to cover a broader analysis from a set of selected papers. In summary, the contributions of this paper are as follows: (1) we explore traditional and more recent developments of filtering methods for a recommender system, (2) we identify and analyze proposals related to knowledge graph-based recommender systems, (3) we present the most relevant contributions using an application domain, and (4) we outline future directions of research in the domain of recommender systems. ==As the main survey result, we found that the use of knowledge graphs for recommendations is an efficient way to leverage and connect a user’s and an item’s knowledge, thus providing more precise results for users==.

## Key concepts
#claim/#recommendation; #recommendation; #claim/#knowledge_graphs; #knowledge_graphs; #claim/#recommender_systems; #recommender_systems; #claim/#knowledge_graph_embedding; #knowledge_graph_embedding; #claim/#survey; #survey; #method/#collaborative_filtering; #collaborative_filtering; #claim/#recommendation_system; #recommendation_system; #ontology; #claim/#tourism; #tourism; #linked_data; #claim/#application_domain; #application_domain; #linked_open_data; #content_based_filtering; #normalized_discounted_cumulative_gain; #mean_average_precision; #semantics; #deep_neural_network; #vector_space_model; #mean_reciprocal_rank

## Quote
> This survey presented a comprehensive review of studies related to knowledge graphs-based recommender systems

## Key points
- In recent years, the use of recommender systems (RS) has become popular on the web
- We present the results of the analysis carried out on 38 papers related to the topics of knowledge graphs and recommendation systems
- Recent efforts in graph representation learning such as KGAT [^100], KGCN [^101], and KGNN-LS [^102] use GNN to synthesize information from such connectivity, strengthening the representation capability and enriching the relationships between a user and an item Wang2020c. These advances show the importance of exploring the potential of neural networks for knowledge graphs (KGs)-based recommender systems. This survey presented a comprehensive review of studies related to KG-based recommender systems
- Studies on KG for recommender systems demonstrate that KGs are an efficient way to introduce user and item knowledge during the recommendation process
- Based on the knowledge and overview obtained in this survey, as future work, the authors plan to design a KG-based recommender system for e-learning
- The future trends presented in this survey may inspire researchers to conduct further studies in the area of recommendation systems and KG

## Synopsis
Knowledge graph-based recommendations are an efficient way to leverage and connect a user’s and an item’s knowledge, thus providing more precise results for users.
The authors present the results of the analysis carried out on 38 papers related to the topics of knowledge graphs and recommendation systems.
Studies on KG for recommender systems demonstrate that KGs are an efficient way to introduce user and item knowledge.
The use of recommender systems (RS) has become popular on the web.
Product or web content providers are betting on this type of service.
43% of the analyzed proposals have a reference or conceptual description of KG-based recommendation.<br/><br/>Some of their conclusions may differ from earlier research in this subject: “Novelty measures the ability of the RS to recommend items that appear novel to the user.
Diversity measures how the RS recommends items that are not similar to those preferred by the user in the past,” Valdiviezo-Diaz suggested. <br /><br />The group suggest that the future trends presented in this survey may inspire researchers to conduct further studies in the area of recommendation systems and KG.<br /><br />


## Summary

### Introduction
The use of recommender systems (RS) has become popular on the web.
Product or web content providers are betting on this type of service because they can capture the interest of their customers or users and, as a result, improve their sales or increase the use of the content they offer.
Behind a recommender system [^1], there is knowledge, processes, techniques, and challenges to address in order to improve the results and users’ experience.
The emergence of knowledge graphs (KGs) has directed research on recommender systems towards the processing of this type of content.
For a better understanding of the work that has been published so far on the subject, in this study, the authors identify and analyze the literature in which KG-based recommendation systems have been addressed

### Methods
Knowledge Graph and Semantic Web offer an approach and a set of technologies for structuring, organizing, publishing, accessing, and processing linked data.
The organized data in a graph facilitates the construction of intelligent applications [^5] such as recommender systems.
Reference [^5] [^6] [^9] [^10] [^11] [^13] [^14] [^15] [^16]

### Results
The authors present the results of the analysis carried out on 38 papers related to the topics of knowledge graphs and recommendation systems.
The analysis results were organized into three categories of information.
The authors identified the technologies or methods referred to, used, or proposed in each research.
The authors identify the level of development and type of evaluation carried out in the set of papers analyzed.
The authors present the main contributions found by the application domain

### Conclusion
This survey presented a comprehensive review of studies related to KG-based recommender systems.
It identified the technologies used, the level of development, and the contributions of each related work.
KG-based recommendation methods have huge potential applications in broad fields: education, healthcare, tourism, e-commerce, entertainment, etc.
The authors selected 38 papers, and in at least 8 of them [^11],[^15],[^16],[^20],[^50],[^51],[^71],[^78], the authors found improved performance against baseline or traditional models.
On the other hand, according to the work analyzed, there is a lack of complete proposals that include implementing and evaluating the proposals.
43% of the analyzed proposals have a reference or conceptual description of KG-based recommendation


## Study subjects

### 38 papers
- Graph-based recommendation methods are attracting attention in both academia and industry. ==In this study, we analyze 38 papers addressing the topics of recommendation and KG==. In domains such as education, RSs have become an important field of research [^7]

### 79 documents
- To identify the documents indexed by Scopus, we designed a search that combined: (1) keywords related to the subjects (KG and RS), (2) keywords related to types of studies (survey, mapping, review, etc.), and (3) publication period between the years 2014 and 2020. ==Listing 1 defines the final search string that was run in Scopus and allowed us to retrieve 79 documents==. Listing 1

### 33 papers
- To identify relevant papers within the study area, we chose two characteristics of the articles as inclusion criteria: (a) document type = [Article|Proceeding Paper | Review], and (b) language = English. ==Applying these two filters, we discarded 33 papers: 30 because they were conference reviews and 3 because they were written in Chinese==. Based on the title and abstract of the 46 papers selected in the previous step, we performed a preliminary screening of papers to verify their inclusion or non-inclusion in the group of papers to be analyzed

## Data analysis
- #method/spearman
- #method/pearson_correlation

## Findings
- Regarding the second group of technologies, more than 55% of the papers refer to KGE
- From the review conducted, we found that most of the papers that evaluate performance focus on measuring precision or NDCG while the other metrics are considered in less than 4% of the papers analyzed

## Counterpoint to earlier claims
- Novelty measures the ability of RS to recommend items that appear novel to the user [^89]. ==Conversely, diversity measures the ability of the RS to recommend items that are not similar to those preferred by the user in the past or that is not limited to recommending popular items only== [^90],[^91]

## Contributions
- This survey presented a comprehensive review of studies related to KG-based recommender systems. Additionally, it identified the technologies used, the level of development, and the contributions of each related work. KG-based recommendation methods have huge potential applications in broad fields: education, healthcare, tourism, e-commerce, entertainment, etc. In this paper, we selected 38 papers, and in at least 8 of them [^11],[^15],[^16],[^20],[^50],[^51],[^71],[^78], the authors found improved performance against baseline or traditional models. On the other hand, according to the work analyzed, there is a lack of complete proposals that include implementing and evaluating the proposals. In fact, 43% of the analyzed proposals have a reference or conceptual description of KG-based recommendation.

## Future work
- Section 5 shows the results of the literature review. Section 6 provides an overview of the future research directions. Section 7 presents the conclusions and future work.
- Future Directions. There are some interesting directions to explore in future studies related to recommender systems based on knowledge graphs; we highlight four future directions that we find interesting to delve into.
- More research is needed on this topic. Future directions include interpretability and explainability, and the application of improved or hybrid methods by combining machine learning or deep learning techniques to improve the recommendation process. Based on the knowledge and overview obtained in this survey, as future work, the authors plan to design a KG-based recommender system for e-learning.
- The future trends presented in this survey may inspire researchers to conduct further studies in the area of recommendation systems and KG.

## Data and code
- Data Availability Statement Data sharing is not applicable to this review.


## References
[^6]: Future Directions [[Future__0000]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Future%20Directions) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Future%20Directions) 

[^1]: Ricci, F.; Rokach, L.; Shapira, B.; Kantor, P.B. Recommender Systems Handbook; Springer: Boston, MA, USA, 2011. [CrossRef] [[Ricci_et+al_RecommenderSystemsHandbook_2011]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ricci%2C%20F.%20Rokach%2C%20L.%20Shapira%2C%20B.%20Kantor%2C%20P.B.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Handbook%202011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ricci%2C%20F.%20Rokach%2C%20L.%20Shapira%2C%20B.%20Kantor%2C%20P.B.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Handbook%202011) 

[^2]: Zhu, B.; Hurtado, R.; Bobadilla, J.; Ortega, F. An efficient recommender system method based on the numerical relevances and the non-numerical structures of the ratings. IEEE Access 2018, 6, 49935–49954. [CrossRef] [[Zhu_et+al_EfficientRecommenderSystemMethodBased_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Zhu%2C%20B.%20Hurtado%2C%20R.%20Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20An%20efficient%20recommender%20system%20method%20based%20on%20the%20numerical%20relevances%20and%20the%20non-numerical%20structures%20of%20the%20ratings%202018&author=Zhu&title=An%20efficient%20recommender%20system%20method%20based%20on%20the%20numerical%20relevances%20and%20the%20non-numerical%20structures%20of%20the%20ratings&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhu%2C%20B.%20Hurtado%2C%20R.%20Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20An%20efficient%20recommender%20system%20method%20based%20on%20the%20numerical%20relevances%20and%20the%20non-numerical%20structures%20of%20the%20ratings%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Zhu%2C%20B.%20Hurtado%2C%20R.%20Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20An%20efficient%20recommender%20system%20method%20based%20on%20the%20numerical%20relevances%20and%20the%20non-numerical%20structures%20of%20the%20ratings%202018)

[^3]: Chen, R.; Hua, Q.; Chang, Y.S.; Wang, B.; Zhang, L.; Kong, X. A survey of collaborative filtering-based recommender systems: From traditional methods to hybrid methods based on social networks. IEEE Access 2018, 6, 64301–64320. [CrossRef] [[Chen_et+al_SurveyCollaborativeFilteringbasedRecommenderSystems_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Chen%2C%20R.%20Hua%2C%20Q.%20Chang%2C%20Y.S.%20Wang%2C%20B.%20A%20survey%20of%20collaborative%20filtering-based%20recommender%20systems%3A%20From%20traditional%20methods%20to%20hybrid%20methods%20based%20on%20social%20networks%202018&author=Chen&title=A%20survey%20of%20collaborative%20filtering-based%20recommender%20systems%3A%20From%20traditional%20methods%20to%20hybrid%20methods%20based%20on%20social%20networks&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chen%2C%20R.%20Hua%2C%20Q.%20Chang%2C%20Y.S.%20Wang%2C%20B.%20A%20survey%20of%20collaborative%20filtering-based%20recommender%20systems%3A%20From%20traditional%20methods%20to%20hybrid%20methods%20based%20on%20social%20networks%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Chen%2C%20R.%20Hua%2C%20Q.%20Chang%2C%20Y.S.%20Wang%2C%20B.%20A%20survey%20of%20collaborative%20filtering-based%20recommender%20systems%3A%20From%20traditional%20methods%20to%20hybrid%20methods%20based%20on%20social%20networks%202018)

[^4]: Walek, B.; Fojtik, V. A hybrid recommender system for recommending relevant movies using an expert system. Expert Syst. Appl. 2020, 158. [CrossRef] [[Walek_HybridRecommenderSystemRecommendingRelevant_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Walek%2C%20B.%20Fojtik%2C%20V.%20A%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%20for%20recommending%20relevant%20movies%20using%20an%20expert%20system%202020&author=Walek&title=A%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%20for%20recommending%20relevant%20movies%20using%20an%20expert%20system&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Walek%2C%20B.%20Fojtik%2C%20V.%20A%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%20for%20recommending%20relevant%20movies%20using%20an%20expert%20system%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Walek%2C%20B.%20Fojtik%2C%20V.%20A%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%20for%20recommending%20relevant%20movies%20using%20an%20expert%20system%202020)

[^5]: Jia, B.; Huang, X.; Jiao, S. Application of semantic similarity calculation based on knowledge graph for personalized study recommendation service. Kuram Uygulamada Egit. Bilim. 2018, 18, 2958–2966. [CrossRef] [[Jia_et+al_ApplicationSemanticSimilarityCalculationBased_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Jia%2C%20B.%20Huang%2C%20X.%20Jiao%2C%20S.%20Application%20of%20semantic%20similarity%20calculation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20personalized%20study%20recommendation%20service%202018&author=Jia&title=Application%20of%20semantic%20similarity%20calculation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20personalized%20study%20recommendation%20service&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Jia%2C%20B.%20Huang%2C%20X.%20Jiao%2C%20S.%20Application%20of%20semantic%20similarity%20calculation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20personalized%20study%20recommendation%20service%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Jia%2C%20B.%20Huang%2C%20X.%20Jiao%2C%20S.%20Application%20of%20semantic%20similarity%20calculation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20personalized%20study%20recommendation%20service%202018)

[^6]: Liu, C.; Li, L.; Yao, X.; Tang, L. A Survey of Recommendation Algorithms Based on Knowledge Graph Embedding. In Proceedings of the 2019 IEEE International Conference on Computer Science and Educational Informatization (CSEI), Kunming, China, 16–19 August 2019; Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.: Interlaken, Switzerland, 2019. [[Liu_et+al_SurveyRecommendationAlgorithmsBasedKnowledge_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Liu%2C%20C.%20Li%2C%20L.%20Yao%2C%20X.%20Tang%2C%20L.%20A%20Survey%20of%20Recommendation%20Algorithms%20Based%20on%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%202019-08-16) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Liu%2C%20C.%20Li%2C%20L.%20Yao%2C%20X.%20Tang%2C%20L.%20A%20Survey%20of%20Recommendation%20Algorithms%20Based%20on%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%202019-08-16) 

[^7]: Manouselis, N.; Drachsler, H.; Vuorikari, R.; Hummel, H.; Koper, R., Recommender Systems in Technology Enhanced Learning. In Recommender Systems Handbook; Ricci, F., Rokach, L., Shapira, B., Kantor, P.B., Eds.; Springer: Boston, MA, USA, 2011; pp. 387–415. [CrossRef] [[Manouselis_et+al_RecommenderSystemsTechnologyEnhancedLearning_2011]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Manouselis%2C%20N.%20Drachsler%2C%20H.%20Vuorikari%2C%20R.%20Hummel%2C%20H.%20Recommender%20Systems%20in%20Technology%20Enhanced%20Learning%202011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Manouselis%2C%20N.%20Drachsler%2C%20H.%20Vuorikari%2C%20R.%20Hummel%2C%20H.%20Recommender%20Systems%20in%20Technology%20Enhanced%20Learning%202011) 

[^8]: Chicaiza, J.; Piedra, N.; Lopez-Vargas, J.; Tovar-Caro, E. Recommendation of Open Educational Resources. An Approach based on Linked Open Data. In Proceedings of the 2017 IEEE Global Engineering Education Conference (EDUCON), Athens, Greece, 25–28 April 2017; pp. 1316–1321. [CrossRef] [[Chicaiza_et+al_RecommendationOpenEducationalResourcesAn_2017]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chicaiza%2C%20J.%20Piedra%2C%20N.%20Lopez-Vargas%2C%20J.%20Tovar-Caro%2C%20E.%20Recommendation%20of%20Open%20Educational%20Resources.%20An%20Approach%20based%20on%20Linked%20Open%20Data%202017-04-25) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chicaiza%2C%20J.%20Piedra%2C%20N.%20Lopez-Vargas%2C%20J.%20Tovar-Caro%2C%20E.%20Recommendation%20of%20Open%20Educational%20Resources.%20An%20Approach%20based%20on%20Linked%20Open%20Data%202017-04-25) 

[^9]: Deng, Y.; Lu, D.; Huang, D.; Chung, C.J.; Lin, F. Knowledge Graph based Learning Guidance for Cybersecurity Hands-on Labs. In Proceedings of the ACM Conference on Global Computing Education, Chengdu, China, 17–19 May 2019; ACM: New York, NY, USA, 2018; Volume 19. [[Deng_et+al_KnowledgeGraphBasedLearningGuidance_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Deng%2C%20Y.%20Lu%2C%20D.%20Huang%2C%20D.%20Chung%2C%20C.J.%20Knowledge%20Graph%20based%20Learning%20Guidance%20for%20Cybersecurity%20Hands-on%20Labs%202019-05-17) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Deng%2C%20Y.%20Lu%2C%20D.%20Huang%2C%20D.%20Chung%2C%20C.J.%20Knowledge%20Graph%20based%20Learning%20Guidance%20for%20Cybersecurity%20Hands-on%20Labs%202019-05-17) 

[^10]: Li, X.; Chen, Y.; Pettit, B.; De Rijke, M. Personalised reranking of paper recommendations using paper content and user behavior. ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. 2019, 37, 1–23. [CrossRef] [[Li_et+al_PersonalisedRerankingPaperRecommendationsUsing_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Li%2C%20X.%20Chen%2C%20Y.%20Pettit%2C%20B.%20Rijke%2C%20M.%20Personalised%20reranking%20of%20paper%20recommendations%20using%20paper%20content%20and%20user%20behavior%202019&author=Li&title=Personalised%20reranking%20of%20paper%20recommendations%20using%20paper%20content%20and%20user%20behavior&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Li%2C%20X.%20Chen%2C%20Y.%20Pettit%2C%20B.%20Rijke%2C%20M.%20Personalised%20reranking%20of%20paper%20recommendations%20using%20paper%20content%20and%20user%20behavior%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Li%2C%20X.%20Chen%2C%20Y.%20Pettit%2C%20B.%20Rijke%2C%20M.%20Personalised%20reranking%20of%20paper%20recommendations%20using%20paper%20content%20and%20user%20behavior%202019)

[^11]: Guo, Q.; Sun, Z.; Zhang, J.; Theng, Y.L. Modeling heterogeneous influences for point-of-interest recommendation in location-based social networks. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science (Including Subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics); Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2019; Volume 11496, pp. 72–80. [CrossRef] [[Guo_et+al_ModelingHeterogeneousInfluencesPointinterestRecommendation_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Guo%2C%20Q.%20Sun%2C%20Z.%20Zhang%2C%20J.%20Theng%2C%20Y.L.%20Modeling%20heterogeneous%20influences%20for%20point-of-interest%20recommendation%20in%20location-based%20social%20networks%202019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Guo%2C%20Q.%20Sun%2C%20Z.%20Zhang%2C%20J.%20Theng%2C%20Y.L.%20Modeling%20heterogeneous%20influences%20for%20point-of-interest%20recommendation%20in%20location-based%20social%20networks%202019) 

[^12]: Nilashi, M.; bin Ibrahim, O.; Ithnin, N.; Sarmin, N.H. A multi-criteria collaborative filtering recommender system for the tourism domain using Expectation Maximization (EM) and PCA—ANFIS. Electron. Commer. Res. Appl. 2015, 14, 542–562. [CrossRef] [[Nilashi_et+al_MulticriteriaCollaborativeFilteringRecommenderSystem_2015]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Nilashi%2C%20M.%20Ibrahim%2C%20O.%20Ithnin%2C%20N.%20Sarmin%2C%20N.H.%20A%20multi-criteria%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20system%20for%20the%20tourism%20domain%20using%20Expectation%20Maximization%20%28EM%29%20and%20PCA%E2%80%94ANFIS%202015&author=Nilashi&title=A%20multi-criteria%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20system%20for%20the%20tourism%20domain%20using%20Expectation%20Maximization%20%28EM%29%20and%20PCA%E2%80%94ANFIS&year=2015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Nilashi%2C%20M.%20Ibrahim%2C%20O.%20Ithnin%2C%20N.%20Sarmin%2C%20N.H.%20A%20multi-criteria%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20system%20for%20the%20tourism%20domain%20using%20Expectation%20Maximization%20%28EM%29%20and%20PCA%E2%80%94ANFIS%202015) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Nilashi%2C%20M.%20Ibrahim%2C%20O.%20Ithnin%2C%20N.%20Sarmin%2C%20N.H.%20A%20multi-criteria%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20system%20for%20the%20tourism%20domain%20using%20Expectation%20Maximization%20%28EM%29%20and%20PCA%E2%80%94ANFIS%202015)

[^13]: Santhoshi, C.; Thirupathi, V.; Chythanya, K.R.; Aluvala, S.; Sunil, G. A comprehensive study on efficient keyword-aware representative travel route recommendation. Int. J. Adv. Sci. Technol. 2020, 29, 1800–1810. [[Santhoshi_et+al_ComprehensiveStudyEfficientKeywordawareRepresentative_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Santhoshi%2C%20C.%20Thirupathi%2C%20V.%20Chythanya%2C%20K.R.%20Aluvala%2C%20S.%20A%20comprehensive%20study%20on%20efficient%20keyword-aware%20representative%20travel%20route%20recommendation%202020&author=Santhoshi&title=A%20comprehensive%20study%20on%20efficient%20keyword-aware%20representative%20travel%20route%20recommendation&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Santhoshi%2C%20C.%20Thirupathi%2C%20V.%20Chythanya%2C%20K.R.%20Aluvala%2C%20S.%20A%20comprehensive%20study%20on%20efficient%20keyword-aware%20representative%20travel%20route%20recommendation%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Santhoshi%2C%20C.%20Thirupathi%2C%20V.%20Chythanya%2C%20K.R.%20Aluvala%2C%20S.%20A%20comprehensive%20study%20on%20efficient%20keyword-aware%20representative%20travel%20route%20recommendation%202020)

[^14]: Wang, H.; Wang, Z.; Hu, S.; Xu, X.; Chen, S.; Tu, Z. DUSKG: A fine-grained knowledge graph for effective personalized service recommendation. Future Gener. Comput. Syst. 2019, 100, 600–617. [CrossRef] [[Wang_et+al_DuskgFinegrainedKnowledgeGraphEffective_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Wang%2C%20H.%20Wang%2C%20Z.%20Hu%2C%20S.%20Xu%2C%20X.%20DUSKG%3A%20A%20fine-grained%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20effective%20personalized%20service%20recommendation.%20Future%20Gener%202019&author=Wang&title=DUSKG%3A%20A%20fine-grained%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20effective%20personalized%20service%20recommendation.%20Future%20Gener&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20H.%20Wang%2C%20Z.%20Hu%2C%20S.%20Xu%2C%20X.%20DUSKG%3A%20A%20fine-grained%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20effective%20personalized%20service%20recommendation.%20Future%20Gener%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Wang%2C%20H.%20Wang%2C%20Z.%20Hu%2C%20S.%20Xu%2C%20X.%20DUSKG%3A%20A%20fine-grained%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20effective%20personalized%20service%20recommendation.%20Future%20Gener%202019)

[^15]: Wu, J.; Zhu, X.; Zhang, C.; Hu, Z. Event-centric tourism knowledge graph—A case study of Hainan. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2020; Volume 12274, pp. 3–15. [CrossRef] [[Wu_et+al_EventcentricTourismKnowledgeGraphaCase_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wu%2C%20J.%20Zhu%2C%20X.%20Zhang%2C%20C.%20Hu%2C%20Z.%20Event-centric%20tourism%20knowledge%20graph%E2%80%94A%20case%20study%20of%20Hainan%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wu%2C%20J.%20Zhu%2C%20X.%20Zhang%2C%20C.%20Hu%2C%20Z.%20Event-centric%20tourism%20knowledge%20graph%E2%80%94A%20case%20study%20of%20Hainan%202020) 

[^16]: Suzuki, T.; Oyama, S.; Kurihara, M. Explainable Recommendation Using Review Text and a Knowledge Graph. In Proceedings of the 2019 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data) Los Angeles, CA, USA, 9–12 December 2019; Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.: Interlaken, Switzerland, 2019; pp. 4638–4643. [CrossRef] [[Suzuki_et+al_ExplainableRecommendationUsingReviewText_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Suzuki%2C%20T.%20Oyama%2C%20S.%20Kurihara%2C%20M.%20Explainable%20Recommendation%20Using%20Review%20Text%20and%20a%20Knowledge%20Graph%202019-12-09) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Suzuki%2C%20T.%20Oyama%2C%20S.%20Kurihara%2C%20M.%20Explainable%20Recommendation%20Using%20Review%20Text%20and%20a%20Knowledge%20Graph%202019-12-09) 

[^17]: Gim, J.; Lee, S.; Joo, W. A study of prescriptive analysis framework for human care services based on CKAN cloud. J. Sens. 2018, 2018. [CrossRef] [[Gim_et+al_StudyPrescriptiveAnalysisFrameworkHuman_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Gim%2C%20J.%20Lee%2C%20S.%20Joo%2C%20W.%20A%20study%20of%20prescriptive%20analysis%20framework%20for%20human%20care%20services%20based%20on%20CKAN%20cloud%202018&author=Gim&title=A%20study%20of%20prescriptive%20analysis%20framework%20for%20human%20care%20services%20based%20on%20CKAN%20cloud&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Gim%2C%20J.%20Lee%2C%20S.%20Joo%2C%20W.%20A%20study%20of%20prescriptive%20analysis%20framework%20for%20human%20care%20services%20based%20on%20CKAN%20cloud%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Gim%2C%20J.%20Lee%2C%20S.%20Joo%2C%20W.%20A%20study%20of%20prescriptive%20analysis%20framework%20for%20human%20care%20services%20based%20on%20CKAN%20cloud%202018)

[^18]: Wang, F.; Li, Y. An Auto Question Answering System for Tree Hole Rescue. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science (Including Subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics); Springer Science and Business Media Deutschland GmbH: Norwell, MA, USA, 2020; Volume 12435, pp. 15–24. [CrossRef] [[Wang_AutoQuestionAnsweringSystemTree_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20F.%20Li%2C%20Y.%20An%20Auto%20Question%20Answering%20System%20for%20Tree%20Hole%20Rescue%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20F.%20Li%2C%20Y.%20An%20Auto%20Question%20Answering%20System%20for%20Tree%20Hole%20Rescue%202020) 

[^19]: Catherine, R.; Mazaitis, K.; Eskenazi, M.; Cohen, W. Explainable Entity-based Recommendations with Knowledge Graphs. In Proceedings of the 11th ACM Conference on Recommender Systems (RecSys 2017), Como, Italy, 27–31 August 2017; ACM: New York, NY, USA, 2017. [[Catherine_et+al_ExplainableEntitybasedRecommendationsWithKnowledge_2017]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Catherine%2C%20R.%20Mazaitis%2C%20K.%20Eskenazi%2C%20M.%20Cohen%2C%20W.%20Explainable%20Entity-based%20Recommendations%20with%20Knowledge%20Graphs%202017-08-27) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Catherine%2C%20R.%20Mazaitis%2C%20K.%20Eskenazi%2C%20M.%20Cohen%2C%20W.%20Explainable%20Entity-based%20Recommendations%20with%20Knowledge%20Graphs%202017-08-27) 

[^20]: Hu, S.; Tu, Z.; Wang, Z.; Xu, X. A POI-sensitive knowledge graph based service recommendation method. In Proceedings of the 2019 IEEE International Conference on Services Computing (SCC), Milan, Italy, 8–13 July 2019; Part of the 2019 IEEE World Congress on Services; IEEE: Piscataway, NJ, USA, 2019; pp. 197–201. [CrossRef] [[Hu_et+al_PoisensitiveKnowledgeGraphBasedService_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Hu%2C%20S.%20Tu%2C%20Z.%20Wang%2C%20Z.%20Xu%2C%20X.%20A%20POI-sensitive%20knowledge%20graph%20based%20service%20recommendation%20method%202019-07-08) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Hu%2C%20S.%20Tu%2C%20Z.%20Wang%2C%20Z.%20Xu%2C%20X.%20A%20POI-sensitive%20knowledge%20graph%20based%20service%20recommendation%20method%202019-07-08) 

[^21]: Zou, X. A Survey on Application of Knowledge Graph. In Proceedings of the 2020 4th International Conference on Control Engineering and Artificial Intelligence, CCEAI 2020, Singapore, 17–19 January 2020; Journal of Physics: Conference Series. [[Zou_SurveyApplicationKnowledgeGraph_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Zou%2C%20X.%20A%20Survey%20on%20Application%20of%20Knowledge%20Graph%202020-01-17&author=Zou&title=A%20Survey%20on%20Application%20of%20Knowledge%20Graph&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zou%2C%20X.%20A%20Survey%20on%20Application%20of%20Knowledge%20Graph%202020-01-17) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Zou%2C%20X.%20A%20Survey%20on%20Application%20of%20Knowledge%20Graph%202020-01-17)

[^22]: Nigam, V.; Paul, S.; Agrawal, A.; Bansal, R. A review paper on the application of knowledge graph on various service providing platforms. In Proceedings of the 2020 10th International Conference on Cloud Computing, Data Science Engineering (Confluence), Noida, India, 29–31 January 2020; Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.: Interlaken, Switzerland, 2020; pp. 716–720. [CrossRef] [[Nigam_et+al_ReviewPaperApplicationKnowledgeGraph_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Nigam%2C%20V.%20Paul%2C%20S.%20Agrawal%2C%20A.%20Bansal%2C%20R.%20A%20review%20paper%20on%20the%20application%20of%20knowledge%20graph%20on%20various%20service%20providing%20platforms%202020-01-29) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Nigam%2C%20V.%20Paul%2C%20S.%20Agrawal%2C%20A.%20Bansal%2C%20R.%20A%20review%20paper%20on%20the%20application%20of%20knowledge%20graph%20on%20various%20service%20providing%20platforms%202020-01-29) 

[^23]: Lu, F.; Cong, P.; Huang, X. Utilizing Textual Information in Knowledge Graph Embedding: A Survey of Methods and Applications. IEEE Access 2020, 8, 92072–92088. [CrossRef] [[Lu_et+al_UtilizingTextualInformationKnowledgeGraph_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Lu%2C%20F.%20Cong%2C%20P.%20Huang%2C%20X.%20Utilizing%20Textual%20Information%20in%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%3A%20A%20Survey%20of%20Methods%20and%20Applications%202020&author=Lu&title=Utilizing%20Textual%20Information%20in%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%3A%20A%20Survey%20of%20Methods%20and%20Applications&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Lu%2C%20F.%20Cong%2C%20P.%20Huang%2C%20X.%20Utilizing%20Textual%20Information%20in%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%3A%20A%20Survey%20of%20Methods%20and%20Applications%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Lu%2C%20F.%20Cong%2C%20P.%20Huang%2C%20X.%20Utilizing%20Textual%20Information%20in%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%3A%20A%20Survey%20of%20Methods%20and%20Applications%202020)

[^24]: Sun, Z.; Guo, Q.; Yang, J.; Fang, H.; Guo, G.; Zhang, J.; Burke, R. Research commentary on recommendations with side information: A survey and research directions. Electron. Commer. Res. Appl. 2019, 37. [CrossRef] [[Sun_et+al_ResearchCommentaryRecommendationsWithSide_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Sun%2C%20Z.%20Guo%2C%20Q.%20Yang%2C%20J.%20Fang%2C%20H.%20Research%20commentary%20on%20recommendations%20with%20side%20information%3A%20A%20survey%20and%20research%20directions%202019&author=Sun&title=Research%20commentary%20on%20recommendations%20with%20side%20information%3A%20A%20survey%20and%20research%20directions&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sun%2C%20Z.%20Guo%2C%20Q.%20Yang%2C%20J.%20Fang%2C%20H.%20Research%20commentary%20on%20recommendations%20with%20side%20information%3A%20A%20survey%20and%20research%20directions%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Sun%2C%20Z.%20Guo%2C%20Q.%20Yang%2C%20J.%20Fang%2C%20H.%20Research%20commentary%20on%20recommendations%20with%20side%20information%3A%20A%20survey%20and%20research%20directions%202019)

[^25]: Wang, X.; He, X.; Chua, T.S. Learning and reasoning on graph for recommendation. In Proceedings of the WSDM 2020: 13th International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, Houston, TX, USA, 3–7 February 2020; pp. 890–893. [CrossRef] [[Wang_et+al_LearningReasoningGraphRecommendation_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20X.%20Chua%2C%20T.S.%20Learning%20and%20reasoning%20on%20graph%20for%20recommendation%202020-02-03) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20X.%20Chua%2C%20T.S.%20Learning%20and%20reasoning%20on%20graph%20for%20recommendation%202020-02-03) 

[^26]: Rizun, M. Concept of recommender system for building an individual educational profile. In Proceedings of the Conference of 2019 Joint International Conference on Perspectives in Business Informatics Research Workshops and Doctoral Consortium, BIR-WS 2019, Katowice, Poland, 23–25 September 2019; CEUR Workshop Proceedings; CEUR-WS: Aachen, Germany, 2019; Volume 2443, pp. 165–176. [[Rizun_ConceptRecommenderSystemBuildingIndividual_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rizun%2C%20M.%20Concept%20of%20recommender%20system%20for%20building%20an%20individual%20educational%20profile%202019-09-23) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rizun%2C%20M.%20Concept%20of%20recommender%20system%20for%20building%20an%20individual%20educational%20profile%202019-09-23) 

[^27]: Koren, Y.; Bell, R.; Volinsky, C. Matrix Factorization Techniques for Recommender Systems. IEEE Comput. Soc. 2009, 42, 42–49. [CrossRef] [[Koren_et+al_MatrixFactorizationTechniquesRecommenderSystems_2009]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Koren%2C%20Y.%20Bell%2C%20R.%20Volinsky%2C%20C.%20Matrix%20Factorization%20Techniques%20for%20Recommender%20Systems%202009&author=Koren&title=Matrix%20Factorization%20Techniques%20for%20Recommender%20Systems&year=2009) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Koren%2C%20Y.%20Bell%2C%20R.%20Volinsky%2C%20C.%20Matrix%20Factorization%20Techniques%20for%20Recommender%20Systems%202009) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Koren%2C%20Y.%20Bell%2C%20R.%20Volinsky%2C%20C.%20Matrix%20Factorization%20Techniques%20for%20Recommender%20Systems%202009)

[^28]: Zhang, L.; Chen, Z.; Zheng, M.; He, X. Robust non-negative matrix factorization. Front. Electr. Electron. Eng. China 2011, 6, 192–200. [CrossRef] [[Zhang_et+al_RobustnegativeMatrixFactorization_2011]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Zhang%2C%20L.%20Chen%2C%20Z.%20Zheng%2C%20M.%20He%2C%20X.%20Robust%20non-negative%20matrix%20factorization%202011&author=Zhang&title=Robust%20non-negative%20matrix%20factorization&year=2011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhang%2C%20L.%20Chen%2C%20Z.%20Zheng%2C%20M.%20He%2C%20X.%20Robust%20non-negative%20matrix%20factorization%202011) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Zhang%2C%20L.%20Chen%2C%20Z.%20Zheng%2C%20M.%20He%2C%20X.%20Robust%20non-negative%20matrix%20factorization%202011)

[^29]: Zhou, X.; He, J.; Huang, G.; Zhang, Y. SVD-based incremental approaches for recommender systems. J. Comput. Syst. Sci. 2015, 81, 717–733. [CrossRef] [[Zhou_et+al_SvdbasedIncrementalApproachesRecommenderSystems_2015]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Zhou%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20J.%20Huang%2C%20G.%20Zhang%2C%20Y.%20SVD-based%20incremental%20approaches%20for%20recommender%20systems%202015&author=Zhou&title=SVD-based%20incremental%20approaches%20for%20recommender%20systems&year=2015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhou%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20J.%20Huang%2C%20G.%20Zhang%2C%20Y.%20SVD-based%20incremental%20approaches%20for%20recommender%20systems%202015) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Zhou%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20J.%20Huang%2C%20G.%20Zhang%2C%20Y.%20SVD-based%20incremental%20approaches%20for%20recommender%20systems%202015)

[^30]: Hernando, A.; Bobadilla, J.; Ortega, F. A non negative matrix factorization for collaborative filtering recommender systems based on a Bayesian probabilistic model. Knowl. Based Syst. 2016, 97, 188–202. [CrossRef] [[Hernando_et+al_NegativeMatrixFactorizationCollaborativeFiltering_2016]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Hernando%2C%20A.%20Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20A%20non%20negative%20matrix%20factorization%20for%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20systems%20based%20on%20a%20Bayesian%20probabilistic%20model%202016&author=Hernando&title=A%20non%20negative%20matrix%20factorization%20for%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20systems%20based%20on%20a%20Bayesian%20probabilistic%20model&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Hernando%2C%20A.%20Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20A%20non%20negative%20matrix%20factorization%20for%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20systems%20based%20on%20a%20Bayesian%20probabilistic%20model%202016) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Hernando%2C%20A.%20Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20A%20non%20negative%20matrix%20factorization%20for%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommender%20systems%20based%20on%20a%20Bayesian%20probabilistic%20model%202016)

[^31]: Wen, S.; Wang, C.; Li, H.; Wen, S. Naïve Bayes regression model and its application in collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm. Int. J. Internet Manuf. Serv. 2018, 5, 85–99. [CrossRef] [[Wen_et+al_NaïveBayesRegressionModelApplication_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Wen%2C%20S.%20Wang%2C%20C.%20Li%2C%20H.%20Wen%2C%20S.%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20regression%20model%20and%20its%20application%20in%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommendation%20algorithm%202018&author=Wen&title=Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20regression%20model%20and%20its%20application%20in%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommendation%20algorithm&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wen%2C%20S.%20Wang%2C%20C.%20Li%2C%20H.%20Wen%2C%20S.%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20regression%20model%20and%20its%20application%20in%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommendation%20algorithm%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Wen%2C%20S.%20Wang%2C%20C.%20Li%2C%20H.%20Wen%2C%20S.%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20regression%20model%20and%20its%20application%20in%20collaborative%20filtering%20recommendation%20algorithm%202018)

[^32]: Valdiviezo-Diaz, P.; Ortega, F.; Cobos, E.; Lara-Cabrera, R. A Collaborative Filtering Approach Based on Naïve Bayes Classifier. IEEE Access 2019, 7, 108581–108592. [CrossRef] [[Valdiviezo-Diaz_et+al_CollaborativeFilteringApproachBasedNaïve_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Valdiviezo-Diaz%2C%20P.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20Cobos%2C%20E.%20Lara-Cabrera%2C%20R.%20A%20Collaborative%20Filtering%20Approach%20Based%20on%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20Classifier%202019&author=Valdiviezo-Diaz&title=A%20Collaborative%20Filtering%20Approach%20Based%20on%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20Classifier&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Valdiviezo-Diaz%2C%20P.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20Cobos%2C%20E.%20Lara-Cabrera%2C%20R.%20A%20Collaborative%20Filtering%20Approach%20Based%20on%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20Classifier%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Valdiviezo-Diaz%2C%20P.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20Cobos%2C%20E.%20Lara-Cabrera%2C%20R.%20A%20Collaborative%20Filtering%20Approach%20Based%20on%20Na%C3%AFve%20Bayes%20Classifier%202019)

[^33]: Wasid, M.; Ali, R. An improved recommender system based on multi-criteria clustering approach. Procedia Comput. Sci. 2018, 131, 93–101. [CrossRef] [[Wasid_ImprovedRecommenderSystemBasedMulticriteria_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Wasid%2C%20M.%20Ali%2C%20R.%20An%20improved%20recommender%20system%20based%20on%20multi-criteria%20clustering%20approach%202018&author=Wasid&title=An%20improved%20recommender%20system%20based%20on%20multi-criteria%20clustering%20approach&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wasid%2C%20M.%20Ali%2C%20R.%20An%20improved%20recommender%20system%20based%20on%20multi-criteria%20clustering%20approach%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Wasid%2C%20M.%20Ali%2C%20R.%20An%20improved%20recommender%20system%20based%20on%20multi-criteria%20clustering%20approach%202018)

[^34]: Bobadilla, J.; Bojorque, R.; Hernando, A.; Hurtado, R. Recommender Systems Clustering using Bayesian non Negative Matrix Factorization. IEEE Access 2018, 3536, 1. [CrossRef] [[Bobadilla_et+al_RecommenderSystemsClusteringUsingBayesian_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Bojorque%2C%20R.%20Hernando%2C%20A.%20Hurtado%2C%20R.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Clustering%20using%20Bayesian%20non%20Negative%20Matrix%20Factorization%202018&author=Bobadilla&title=Recommender%20Systems%20Clustering%20using%20Bayesian%20non%20Negative%20Matrix%20Factorization&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Bojorque%2C%20R.%20Hernando%2C%20A.%20Hurtado%2C%20R.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Clustering%20using%20Bayesian%20non%20Negative%20Matrix%20Factorization%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Bojorque%2C%20R.%20Hernando%2C%20A.%20Hurtado%2C%20R.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Clustering%20using%20Bayesian%20non%20Negative%20Matrix%20Factorization%202018)

[^35]: Ali, M.; Ali, R.; Khan, W.A.; Han, S.C.; Bang, J.; Hur, T.; Kim, D.; Lee, S.; Kang, B.H. A Data-Driven Knowledge Acquisition System: An End-to-End Knowledge Engineering Process for Generating Production Rules. IEEE Access 2018, 6, 15587–15607. [CrossRef] [[Ali_et+al_DatadrivenKnowledgeAcquisitionSystemEndend_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ali%2C%20M.%20Ali%2C%20R.%20Khan%2C%20W.A.%20Han%2C%20S.C.%20A%20Data-Driven%20Knowledge%20Acquisition%20System%3A%20An%20End-to-End%20Knowledge%20Engineering%20Process%20for%20Generating%20Production%20Rules%202018&author=Ali&title=A%20Data-Driven%20Knowledge%20Acquisition%20System%3A%20An%20End-to-End%20Knowledge%20Engineering%20Process%20for%20Generating%20Production%20Rules&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ali%2C%20M.%20Ali%2C%20R.%20Khan%2C%20W.A.%20Han%2C%20S.C.%20A%20Data-Driven%20Knowledge%20Acquisition%20System%3A%20An%20End-to-End%20Knowledge%20Engineering%20Process%20for%20Generating%20Production%20Rules%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ali%2C%20M.%20Ali%2C%20R.%20Khan%2C%20W.A.%20Han%2C%20S.C.%20A%20Data-Driven%20Knowledge%20Acquisition%20System%3A%20An%20End-to-End%20Knowledge%20Engineering%20Process%20for%20Generating%20Production%20Rules%202018)

[^36]: Fouss, F.; Pirotte, A.; Renders, J.M.; Saerens, M. Random-Walk Computation of Similarities between Nodes of a Graph with Application to Collaborative Recommendation. IEEE Trans. Knowl. Data Eng. 2007, 19. [CrossRef] [[Fouss_et+al_RandomwalkComputationSimilaritiesBetweenNodes_2007]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Fouss%2C%20F.%20Pirotte%2C%20A.%20Renders%2C%20J.M.%20Saerens%2C%20M.%20Random-Walk%20Computation%20of%20Similarities%20between%20Nodes%20of%20a%20Graph%20with%20Application%20to%20Collaborative%20Recommendation%202007&author=Fouss&title=Random-Walk%20Computation%20of%20Similarities%20between%20Nodes%20of%20a%20Graph%20with%20Application%20to%20Collaborative%20Recommendation&year=2007) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fouss%2C%20F.%20Pirotte%2C%20A.%20Renders%2C%20J.M.%20Saerens%2C%20M.%20Random-Walk%20Computation%20of%20Similarities%20between%20Nodes%20of%20a%20Graph%20with%20Application%20to%20Collaborative%20Recommendation%202007) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Fouss%2C%20F.%20Pirotte%2C%20A.%20Renders%2C%20J.M.%20Saerens%2C%20M.%20Random-Walk%20Computation%20of%20Similarities%20between%20Nodes%20of%20a%20Graph%20with%20Application%20to%20Collaborative%20Recommendation%202007)

[^37]: Sun, F.; Yu, M.; Zhang, X.; Chang, T.W. A vocabulary recommendation system based on knowledge graph for chinese language learning. In Proceedings of the IEEE 20th International Conference on Advanced Learning Technologies, ICALT 2020, Tartu, Estonia, 6–9 July 2020; Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.: Interlaken, Switzerland, 2020; pp. 210–212. [CrossRef] [[Sun_et+al_VocabularyRecommendationSystemBasedKnowledge_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sun%2C%20F.%20Yu%2C%20M.%20Zhang%2C%20X.%20Chang%2C%20T.W.%20A%20vocabulary%20recommendation%20system%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20chinese%20language%20learning%202020-07-06) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sun%2C%20F.%20Yu%2C%20M.%20Zhang%2C%20X.%20Chang%2C%20T.W.%20A%20vocabulary%20recommendation%20system%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20for%20chinese%20language%20learning%202020-07-06) 

[^38]: Tarus, J.K.; Niu, Z.; Mustafa, G. Knowledge-based recommendation: A review of ontology-based recommender systems for e-learning. Artif. Intell. Rev. 2018, 50, 21–48. [CrossRef] [[Tarus_et+al_KnowledgebasedRecommendationReviewOntologybasedRecommender_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Tarus%2C%20J.K.%20Niu%2C%20Z.%20Mustafa%2C%20G.%20Knowledge-based%20recommendation%3A%20A%20review%20of%20ontology-based%20recommender%20systems%20for%20e-learning%202018&author=Tarus&title=Knowledge-based%20recommendation%3A%20A%20review%20of%20ontology-based%20recommender%20systems%20for%20e-learning&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Tarus%2C%20J.K.%20Niu%2C%20Z.%20Mustafa%2C%20G.%20Knowledge-based%20recommendation%3A%20A%20review%20of%20ontology-based%20recommender%20systems%20for%20e-learning%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Tarus%2C%20J.K.%20Niu%2C%20Z.%20Mustafa%2C%20G.%20Knowledge-based%20recommendation%3A%20A%20review%20of%20ontology-based%20recommender%20systems%20for%20e-learning%202018)

[^39]: Bahramian, Z.; Ali Abbaspour, R.; Claramunt, C. A Cold Start Context-Aware Recommender System for Tour Planning Using Artificial Neural Network and Case Based Reasoning. Mob. Inf. Syst. 2017, 2017, 9364903. [CrossRef] [[Bahramian_et+al_ColdStartContextawareRecommenderSystem_2017]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Bahramian%2C%20Z.%20Ali%20Abbaspour%2C%20R.%20Claramunt%2C%20C.%20A%20Cold%20Start%20Context-Aware%20Recommender%20System%20for%20Tour%20Planning%20Using%20Artificial%20Neural%20Network%20and%20Case%20Based%20Reasoning%202017&author=Bahramian&title=A%20Cold%20Start%20Context-Aware%20Recommender%20System%20for%20Tour%20Planning%20Using%20Artificial%20Neural%20Network%20and%20Case%20Based%20Reasoning&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bahramian%2C%20Z.%20Ali%20Abbaspour%2C%20R.%20Claramunt%2C%20C.%20A%20Cold%20Start%20Context-Aware%20Recommender%20System%20for%20Tour%20Planning%20Using%20Artificial%20Neural%20Network%20and%20Case%20Based%20Reasoning%202017) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Bahramian%2C%20Z.%20Ali%20Abbaspour%2C%20R.%20Claramunt%2C%20C.%20A%20Cold%20Start%20Context-Aware%20Recommender%20System%20for%20Tour%20Planning%20Using%20Artificial%20Neural%20Network%20and%20Case%20Based%20Reasoning%202017)

[^40]: Drachsler, H.; Hummel, H.; Koper, R. Recommendations for learners are different: Applying memory-based recommender system techniques to lifelong learning. In Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Social Information Retrieval for Technology-Enhanced Learning & Exchange, Crete, Greece, 18 September 2007. [[Drachsler_et+al_RecommendationsLearnersDifferentApplyingMemorybased_2007]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Drachsler%2C%20H.%20Hummel%2C%20H.%20Koper%2C%20R.%20Recommendations%20for%20learners%20are%20different%3A%20Applying%20memory-based%20recommender%20system%20techniques%20to%20lifelong%20learning%202007-09-18) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Drachsler%2C%20H.%20Hummel%2C%20H.%20Koper%2C%20R.%20Recommendations%20for%20learners%20are%20different%3A%20Applying%20memory-based%20recommender%20system%20techniques%20to%20lifelong%20learning%202007-09-18) 

[^41]: Ricci, F.; Rokach, L.; Shapira, B. Recommender Systems Handbook; Springer: New York, NY, USA, 2015; Volume 32. [CrossRef] [[Ricci_et+al_RecommenderSystemsHandbook_2015]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ricci%2C%20F.%20Rokach%2C%20L.%20Shapira%2C%20B.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Handbook%202015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ricci%2C%20F.%20Rokach%2C%20L.%20Shapira%2C%20B.%20Recommender%20Systems%20Handbook%202015) 

[^42]: Blei, D.; Carin, L.; Dunson, D. Probabilistic topic models. IEEE Signal Process. Mag. 2010, 27, 55–65. [[Blei_et+al_ProbabilisticTopicModels_2010]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Blei%2C%20D.%20Carin%2C%20L.%20Dunson%2C%20D.%20Probabilistic%20topic%20models%202010&author=Blei&title=Probabilistic%20topic%20models&year=2010) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Blei%2C%20D.%20Carin%2C%20L.%20Dunson%2C%20D.%20Probabilistic%20topic%20models%202010) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Blei%2C%20D.%20Carin%2C%20L.%20Dunson%2C%20D.%20Probabilistic%20topic%20models%202010)

[^43]: Bobadilla, J.; Ortega, F.; Hernando, A.; Gutiérrez, A. Recommender systems survey. Knowl. Based Syst. 2013, 46, 109–132. [CrossRef] [[Bobadilla_et+al_RecommenderSystemsSurvey_2013]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20Hernando%2C%20A.%20Guti%C3%A9rrez%2C%20A.%20Recommender%20systems%20survey%202013&author=Bobadilla&title=Recommender%20systems%20survey&year=2013) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20Hernando%2C%20A.%20Guti%C3%A9rrez%2C%20A.%20Recommender%20systems%20survey%202013) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Bobadilla%2C%20J.%20Ortega%2C%20F.%20Hernando%2C%20A.%20Guti%C3%A9rrez%2C%20A.%20Recommender%20systems%20survey%202013)

[^44]: Fayyaz, Z.; Ebrahimian, M.; Nawara, D.; Ibrahim, A.; Kashef, R. Recommendation Systems: Algorithms, Challenges, Metrics, and Business Opportunities. Appl. Sci. 2020, 10, 7748. [CrossRef] [[Fayyaz_et+al_RecommendationSystemsAlgorithmsChallengesMetrics_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Fayyaz%2C%20Z.%20Ebrahimian%2C%20M.%20Nawara%2C%20D.%20Ibrahim%2C%20A.%20Recommendation%20Systems%3A%20Algorithms%2C%20Challenges%2C%20Metrics%2C%20and%20Business%20Opportunities%202020&author=Fayyaz&title=Recommendation%20Systems%3A%20Algorithms%2C%20Challenges%2C%20Metrics%2C%20and%20Business%20Opportunities&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fayyaz%2C%20Z.%20Ebrahimian%2C%20M.%20Nawara%2C%20D.%20Ibrahim%2C%20A.%20Recommendation%20Systems%3A%20Algorithms%2C%20Challenges%2C%20Metrics%2C%20and%20Business%20Opportunities%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Fayyaz%2C%20Z.%20Ebrahimian%2C%20M.%20Nawara%2C%20D.%20Ibrahim%2C%20A.%20Recommendation%20Systems%3A%20Algorithms%2C%20Challenges%2C%20Metrics%2C%20and%20Business%20Opportunities%202020)

[^45]: Achmad, K.; Nugroho, L.; Djunaedi, A.; Widyawan. Context-aware based restaurant recommender system: A prescriptive analytics. J. Eng. Sci. Technol. 2019, 14, 2847–2864. [[Achmad_et+al_ContextawareBasedRestaurantRecommenderSystem_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Achmad%2C%20K.%20Nugroho%2C%20L.%20Djunaedi%2C%20A.%20Widyawan%20Context-aware%20based%20restaurant%20recommender%20system%3A%20A%20prescriptive%20analytics%202019&author=Achmad&title=Context-aware%20based%20restaurant%20recommender%20system%3A%20A%20prescriptive%20analytics&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Achmad%2C%20K.%20Nugroho%2C%20L.%20Djunaedi%2C%20A.%20Widyawan%20Context-aware%20based%20restaurant%20recommender%20system%3A%20A%20prescriptive%20analytics%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Achmad%2C%20K.%20Nugroho%2C%20L.%20Djunaedi%2C%20A.%20Widyawan%20Context-aware%20based%20restaurant%20recommender%20system%3A%20A%20prescriptive%20analytics%202019)

[^46]: Gasmi, I.; Anguel, F.; Seridi-Bouchelaghem, H.; Azizi, N. Context-aware based evolutionary collaborative filtering algorithm. Lect. Notes Netw. Syst. 2021, 156, 217–232. [CrossRef] [[Gasmi_et+al_ContextawareBasedEvolutionaryCollaborativeFiltering_2021]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Gasmi%2C%20I.%20Anguel%2C%20F.%20Seridi-Bouchelaghem%2C%20H.%20Azizi%2C%20N.%20Context-aware%20based%20evolutionary%20collaborative%20filtering%20algorithm%202021&author=Gasmi&title=Context-aware%20based%20evolutionary%20collaborative%20filtering%20algorithm&year=2021) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Gasmi%2C%20I.%20Anguel%2C%20F.%20Seridi-Bouchelaghem%2C%20H.%20Azizi%2C%20N.%20Context-aware%20based%20evolutionary%20collaborative%20filtering%20algorithm%202021) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Gasmi%2C%20I.%20Anguel%2C%20F.%20Seridi-Bouchelaghem%2C%20H.%20Azizi%2C%20N.%20Context-aware%20based%20evolutionary%20collaborative%20filtering%20algorithm%202021)

[^47]: Lu, J.; Wu, D.; Mao, M.; Wang, W.; Zhang, G. Recommender system application developments: A survey. Decis. Support Syst. 2015, 74, 12–32. [CrossRef] [[Lu_et+al_RecommenderSystemApplicationDevelopmentsSurvey_2015]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Lu%2C%20J.%20Wu%2C%20D.%20Mao%2C%20M.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20Recommender%20system%20application%20developments%3A%20A%20survey%202015&author=Lu&title=Recommender%20system%20application%20developments%3A%20A%20survey&year=2015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Lu%2C%20J.%20Wu%2C%20D.%20Mao%2C%20M.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20Recommender%20system%20application%20developments%3A%20A%20survey%202015) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Lu%2C%20J.%20Wu%2C%20D.%20Mao%2C%20M.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20Recommender%20system%20application%20developments%3A%20A%20survey%202015)

[^48]: Colombo-Mendoza, L.O.; Valencia-García, R.; Rodríguez-González, A.; Alor-Hernández, G.; Samper-Zapater, J.J. RecomMetz: A context-aware knowledge-based mobile recommender system for movie showtimes. Expert Syst. Appl. 2015, 42, 1202–1222. [CrossRef] [[Colombo-Mendoza_et+al_RecommetzContextawareKnowledgebasedMobileRecommender_2015]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Colombo-Mendoza%2C%20L.O.%20Valencia-Garc%C3%ADa%2C%20R.%20Rodr%C3%ADguez-Gonz%C3%A1lez%2C%20A.%20Alor-Hern%C3%A1ndez%2C%20G.%20RecomMetz%3A%20A%20context-aware%20knowledge-based%20mobile%20recommender%20system%20for%20movie%20showtimes%202015&author=Colombo-Mendoza&title=RecomMetz%3A%20A%20context-aware%20knowledge-based%20mobile%20recommender%20system%20for%20movie%20showtimes&year=2015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Colombo-Mendoza%2C%20L.O.%20Valencia-Garc%C3%ADa%2C%20R.%20Rodr%C3%ADguez-Gonz%C3%A1lez%2C%20A.%20Alor-Hern%C3%A1ndez%2C%20G.%20RecomMetz%3A%20A%20context-aware%20knowledge-based%20mobile%20recommender%20system%20for%20movie%20showtimes%202015) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Colombo-Mendoza%2C%20L.O.%20Valencia-Garc%C3%ADa%2C%20R.%20Rodr%C3%ADguez-Gonz%C3%A1lez%2C%20A.%20Alor-Hern%C3%A1ndez%2C%20G.%20RecomMetz%3A%20A%20context-aware%20knowledge-based%20mobile%20recommender%20system%20for%20movie%20showtimes%202015)

[^49]: Burke, R. Hybrid Web Recommender Systems. In The Adaptive Web: Methods and Strategies of Web Personalization; Brusilovsky, P., Kobsa, A., Nejdl, W., Eds.; Springer: Berlin/Heidelberg, Germany, 2007; pp. 377–408. [CrossRef] [[Burke_HybridWebRecommenderSystems_2007]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Burke%2C%20R.%20Hybrid%20Web%20Recommender%20Systems%202007) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Burke%2C%20R.%20Hybrid%20Web%20Recommender%20Systems%202007) 

[^50]: Zhang, Y.; Wang, J.; Luo, J. Knowledge Graph Embedding Based Collaborative Filtering. IEEE Access 2020, 8, 134553–134562. [CrossRef] [[Zhang_et+al_KnowledgeGraphEmbeddingBasedCollaborative_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Zhang%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20J.%20Luo%2C%20J.%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%20Based%20Collaborative%20Filtering%202020&author=Zhang&title=Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%20Based%20Collaborative%20Filtering&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhang%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20J.%20Luo%2C%20J.%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%20Based%20Collaborative%20Filtering%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Zhang%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20J.%20Luo%2C%20J.%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embedding%20Based%20Collaborative%20Filtering%202020)

[^51]: Singh, M.; Rishi, O. Event driven recommendation system for E-commerce using knowledge based collaborative filtering technique. Scalable Comput. 2020, 21, 369–378. [CrossRef] [[Singh_EventDrivenRecommendationSystemEcommerce_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Singh%2C%20M.%20Rishi%2C%20O.%20Event%20driven%20recommendation%20system%20for%20E-commerce%20using%20knowledge%20based%20collaborative%20filtering%20technique%202020&author=Singh&title=Event%20driven%20recommendation%20system%20for%20E-commerce%20using%20knowledge%20based%20collaborative%20filtering%20technique&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Singh%2C%20M.%20Rishi%2C%20O.%20Event%20driven%20recommendation%20system%20for%20E-commerce%20using%20knowledge%20based%20collaborative%20filtering%20technique%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Singh%2C%20M.%20Rishi%2C%20O.%20Event%20driven%20recommendation%20system%20for%20E-commerce%20using%20knowledge%20based%20collaborative%20filtering%20technique%202020)

[^52]: Kiran, R.; Kumar, P.; Bhasker, B. DNNRec: A novel deep learning based hybrid recommender system. Expert Syst. Appl. 2020, 144, 113054. [CrossRef] [[Kiran_et+al_DnnrecNovelDeepLearningBased_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kiran%2C%20R.%20Kumar%2C%20P.%20Bhasker%2C%20B.%20DNNRec%3A%20A%20novel%20deep%20learning%20based%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%202020&author=Kiran&title=DNNRec%3A%20A%20novel%20deep%20learning%20based%20hybrid%20recommender%20system&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kiran%2C%20R.%20Kumar%2C%20P.%20Bhasker%2C%20B.%20DNNRec%3A%20A%20novel%20deep%20learning%20based%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kiran%2C%20R.%20Kumar%2C%20P.%20Bhasker%2C%20B.%20DNNRec%3A%20A%20novel%20deep%20learning%20based%20hybrid%20recommender%20system%202020)

[^53]: Khan, Z.; Niu, Z.; Nyamawe, A.; Haq, I. A Deep Hybrid Model for Recommendation by jointly leveraging ratings, reviews and metadata information. Eng. Appl. Artif. Intell. 2021, 97. [CrossRef] [[Khan_et+al_DeepHybridModelRecommendationJointly_2021]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Khan%2C%20Z.%20Niu%2C%20Z.%20Nyamawe%2C%20A.%20Haq%2C%20I.%20A%20Deep%20Hybrid%20Model%20for%20Recommendation%20by%20jointly%20leveraging%20ratings%2C%20reviews%20and%20metadata%20information%202021&author=Khan&title=A%20Deep%20Hybrid%20Model%20for%20Recommendation%20by%20jointly%20leveraging%20ratings%2C%20reviews%20and%20metadata%20information&year=2021) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Khan%2C%20Z.%20Niu%2C%20Z.%20Nyamawe%2C%20A.%20Haq%2C%20I.%20A%20Deep%20Hybrid%20Model%20for%20Recommendation%20by%20jointly%20leveraging%20ratings%2C%20reviews%20and%20metadata%20information%202021) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Khan%2C%20Z.%20Niu%2C%20Z.%20Nyamawe%2C%20A.%20Haq%2C%20I.%20A%20Deep%20Hybrid%20Model%20for%20Recommendation%20by%20jointly%20leveraging%20ratings%2C%20reviews%20and%20metadata%20information%202021)

[^54]: Peska, L. Hybrid recommendations by content-aligned Bayesian personalized ranking. New Rev. Hypermedia Multimed. 2018, 24, 88–109. [CrossRef] [[Peska_HybridRecommendationsContentalignedBayesianPersonalized_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Peska%2C%20L.%20Hybrid%20recommendations%20by%20content-aligned%20Bayesian%20personalized%20ranking%202018&author=Peska&title=Hybrid%20recommendations%20by%20content-aligned%20Bayesian%20personalized%20ranking&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Peska%2C%20L.%20Hybrid%20recommendations%20by%20content-aligned%20Bayesian%20personalized%20ranking%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Peska%2C%20L.%20Hybrid%20recommendations%20by%20content-aligned%20Bayesian%20personalized%20ranking%202018)

[^55]: Ngaffo, A.; Ayeb, W.; Choukair, Z. A Bayesian Inference Based Hybrid Recommender System. IEEE Access 2020, 8, 101682–101701. [CrossRef] [[Ngaffo_et+al_BayesianInferenceBasedHybridRecommender_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ngaffo%2C%20A.%20Ayeb%2C%20W.%20Choukair%2C%20Z.%20A%20Bayesian%20Inference%20Based%20Hybrid%20Recommender%20System%202020&author=Ngaffo&title=A%20Bayesian%20Inference%20Based%20Hybrid%20Recommender%20System&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ngaffo%2C%20A.%20Ayeb%2C%20W.%20Choukair%2C%20Z.%20A%20Bayesian%20Inference%20Based%20Hybrid%20Recommender%20System%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ngaffo%2C%20A.%20Ayeb%2C%20W.%20Choukair%2C%20Z.%20A%20Bayesian%20Inference%20Based%20Hybrid%20Recommender%20System%202020)

[^56]: Bhaskaran, S.; Marappan, R.; Santhi, B. Design and analysis of a cluster-based intelligent hybrid recommendation system for e-learning applications. Mathematics 2021, 9, 197. [CrossRef] [[Bhaskaran_et+al_DesignAnalysisClusterbasedIntelligentHybrid_2021]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Bhaskaran%2C%20S.%20Marappan%2C%20R.%20Santhi%2C%20B.%20Design%20and%20analysis%20of%20a%20cluster-based%20intelligent%20hybrid%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-learning%20applications%202021&author=Bhaskaran&title=Design%20and%20analysis%20of%20a%20cluster-based%20intelligent%20hybrid%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-learning%20applications&year=2021) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bhaskaran%2C%20S.%20Marappan%2C%20R.%20Santhi%2C%20B.%20Design%20and%20analysis%20of%20a%20cluster-based%20intelligent%20hybrid%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-learning%20applications%202021) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Bhaskaran%2C%20S.%20Marappan%2C%20R.%20Santhi%2C%20B.%20Design%20and%20analysis%20of%20a%20cluster-based%20intelligent%20hybrid%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-learning%20applications%202021)

[^57]: Sandeep Kumar, M.; Prabhu, J. A hybrid model collaborative movie recommendation system using K-means clustering with ant colony optimisation. Int. J. Internet Technol. Secur. Trans. 2020, 10, 337–354. [CrossRef] [[Sandeep_HybridModelCollaborativeMovieRecommendation_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Sandeep%20Kumar%2C%20M.%20Prabhu%2C%20J.%20A%20hybrid%20model%20collaborative%20movie%20recommendation%20system%20using%20K-means%20clustering%20with%20ant%20colony%20optimisation%202020&author=Sandeep&title=A%20hybrid%20model%20collaborative%20movie%20recommendation%20system%20using%20K-means%20clustering%20with%20ant%20colony%20optimisation&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sandeep%20Kumar%2C%20M.%20Prabhu%2C%20J.%20A%20hybrid%20model%20collaborative%20movie%20recommendation%20system%20using%20K-means%20clustering%20with%20ant%20colony%20optimisation%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Sandeep%20Kumar%2C%20M.%20Prabhu%2C%20J.%20A%20hybrid%20model%20collaborative%20movie%20recommendation%20system%20using%20K-means%20clustering%20with%20ant%20colony%20optimisation%202020)

[^58]: Wang, Q.; Long, M.; Yang, H. A Non-Negative Matrix-Factorization-Based Network Embedding Approach for Hybrid Recommender Systems. In Proceedings of the 2020 International Conference on Computing, Networks and Internet of Things, Sanya, China, 24–26 April 2020; CNIOT2020; Association for Computing Machinery: New York, NY, USA, 2020; pp. 105–110. [CrossRef] [[Wang_et+al_NonnegativeMatrixfactorizationbasedNetworkEmbeddingApproach_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20Q.%20Long%2C%20M.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20A%20Non-Negative%20Matrix-Factorization-Based%20Network%20Embedding%20Approach%20for%20Hybrid%20Recommender%20Systems%202020-04-24) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20Q.%20Long%2C%20M.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20A%20Non-Negative%20Matrix-Factorization-Based%20Network%20Embedding%20Approach%20for%20Hybrid%20Recommender%20Systems%202020-04-24) 

[^59]: Zhou, J.; Wen, J.; Li, S.; Zhou, W. From Content Text Encoding Perspective: A Hybrid Deep Matrix Factorization Approach for Recommender System. In Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks, Budapest, Hungary, 14–19 July 2019. [CrossRef] [[Zhou_et+al_FromContentTextEncodingPerspective_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhou%2C%20J.%20Wen%2C%20J.%20Li%2C%20S.%20Zhou%2C%20W.%20From%20Content%20Text%20Encoding%20Perspective%3A%20A%20Hybrid%20Deep%20Matrix%20Factorization%20Approach%20for%20Recommender%20System%202019-07-14) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhou%2C%20J.%20Wen%2C%20J.%20Li%2C%20S.%20Zhou%2C%20W.%20From%20Content%20Text%20Encoding%20Perspective%3A%20A%20Hybrid%20Deep%20Matrix%20Factorization%20Approach%20for%20Recommender%20System%202019-07-14) 

[^60]: Achary, N.; Patra, B. Graph Based Hybrid Approach for Long-Tail Item Recommendation in Collaborative Filtering. In ACM International Conference Proceeding Series; ACM: New York, NY, USA, 2020; p. 426. [CrossRef] [[Achary_GraphBasedHybridApproachLongtail_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Achary%2C%20N.%20Patra%2C%20B.%20Graph%20Based%20Hybrid%20Approach%20for%20Long-Tail%20Item%20Recommendation%20in%20Collaborative%20Filtering%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Achary%2C%20N.%20Patra%2C%20B.%20Graph%20Based%20Hybrid%20Approach%20for%20Long-Tail%20Item%20Recommendation%20in%20Collaborative%20Filtering%202020) 

[^61]: Li, J.; Xu, Z.; Tang, Y.; Zhao, B.; Tian, H. Deep hybrid knowledge graph embedding for top-n recommendation. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science (Including Subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics); Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2020; Volume 12432, pp. 59–70. [CrossRef] [[Li_et+al_DeepHybridKnowledgeGraphEmbedding_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Li%2C%20J.%20Xu%2C%20Z.%20Tang%2C%20Y.%20Zhao%2C%20B.%20Deep%20hybrid%20knowledge%20graph%20embedding%20for%20top-n%20recommendation%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Li%2C%20J.%20Xu%2C%20Z.%20Tang%2C%20Y.%20Zhao%2C%20B.%20Deep%20hybrid%20knowledge%20graph%20embedding%20for%20top-n%20recommendation%202020) 

[^62]: Musto, C.; Basile, P.; Semeraro, G. Hybrid Semantics-Aware Recommendations Exploiting Knowledge Graph Embeddings. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science (Including Subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics); Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2019; Volume 11946, pp. 87–100. [CrossRef] [[Musto_et+al_HybridSemanticsawareRecommendationsExploitingKnowledge_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Musto%2C%20C.%20Basile%2C%20P.%20Semeraro%2C%20G.%20Hybrid%20Semantics-Aware%20Recommendations%20Exploiting%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embeddings%202019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Musto%2C%20C.%20Basile%2C%20P.%20Semeraro%2C%20G.%20Hybrid%20Semantics-Aware%20Recommendations%20Exploiting%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Embeddings%202019) 

[^63]: Kazemi, S.; Goel, R.; Jain, K.; Kobyzev, I.; Sethi, A.; Forsyth, P.; Poupart, P. Representation learning for dynamic graphs: A survey. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2020, 21, 1–73. [[Kazemi_et+al_RepresentationLearningDynamicGraphsSurvey_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kazemi%2C%20S.%20Goel%2C%20R.%20Jain%2C%20K.%20Kobyzev%2C%20I.%20Representation%20learning%20for%20dynamic%20graphs%3A%20A%20survey%202020&author=Kazemi&title=Representation%20learning%20for%20dynamic%20graphs%3A%20A%20survey&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kazemi%2C%20S.%20Goel%2C%20R.%20Jain%2C%20K.%20Kobyzev%2C%20I.%20Representation%20learning%20for%20dynamic%20graphs%3A%20A%20survey%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kazemi%2C%20S.%20Goel%2C%20R.%20Jain%2C%20K.%20Kobyzev%2C%20I.%20Representation%20learning%20for%20dynamic%20graphs%3A%20A%20survey%202020)

[^64]: Ameen, A. Knowledge based Recommendation System in Semantic Web—A Survey. Int. J. Comput. Appl. 2019, 182, 20–25. [CrossRef] [[Ameen_KnowledgeBasedRecommendationSystemSemantic_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ameen%2C%20A.%20Knowledge%20based%20Recommendation%20System%20in%20Semantic%20Web%E2%80%94A%20Survey%202019&author=Ameen&title=Knowledge%20based%20Recommendation%20System%20in%20Semantic%20Web%E2%80%94A%20Survey&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ameen%2C%20A.%20Knowledge%20based%20Recommendation%20System%20in%20Semantic%20Web%E2%80%94A%20Survey%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ameen%2C%20A.%20Knowledge%20based%20Recommendation%20System%20in%20Semantic%20Web%E2%80%94A%20Survey%202019)

[^65]: Dai, Y.; Wang, S.; Xiong, N.N.; Guo, W. A survey on knowledge graph embedding: Approaches, applications and benchmarks. Electronics (Switzerland) 2020, 9, 750. [CrossRef] [[Dai_et+al_SurveyKnowledgeGraphEmbeddingApproaches_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Dai%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20S.%20Xiong%2C%20N.N.%20Guo%2C%20W.%20A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20embedding%3A%20Approaches%2C%20applications%20and%20benchmarks%202020&author=Dai&title=A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20embedding%3A%20Approaches%2C%20applications%20and%20benchmarks&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Dai%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20S.%20Xiong%2C%20N.N.%20Guo%2C%20W.%20A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20embedding%3A%20Approaches%2C%20applications%20and%20benchmarks%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Dai%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20S.%20Xiong%2C%20N.N.%20Guo%2C%20W.%20A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20embedding%3A%20Approaches%2C%20applications%20and%20benchmarks%202020)

[^66]: Chari, S.; Qi, M.; Agu, N.N.; Seneviratne, O.; McCusker, J.P.; Bennett, K.P.; Das, A.K.; McGuinness, D.L. Making Study Populations Visible Through Knowledge Graphs. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2019; Volume 11779, pp. 53–68. [CrossRef] [[Chari_et+al_MakingStudyPopulationsVisibleThrough_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chari%2C%20S.%20Qi%2C%20M.%20Agu%2C%20N.N.%20Seneviratne%2C%20O.%20Making%20Study%20Populations%20Visible%20Through%20Knowledge%20Graphs%202019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chari%2C%20S.%20Qi%2C%20M.%20Agu%2C%20N.N.%20Seneviratne%2C%20O.%20Making%20Study%20Populations%20Visible%20Through%20Knowledge%20Graphs%202019) 

[^67]: Ali, L.; Mathew, S. Knowledge Base Construction from Unstructured Text. Int. J. Innov. Technol. Explor. Eng. 2019, 8, 569–574. [[Ali_KnowledgeBaseConstructionFromUnstructured_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ali%2C%20L.%20Mathew%2C%20S.%20Knowledge%20Base%20Construction%20from%20Unstructured%20Text%202019&author=Ali&title=Knowledge%20Base%20Construction%20from%20Unstructured%20Text&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ali%2C%20L.%20Mathew%2C%20S.%20Knowledge%20Base%20Construction%20from%20Unstructured%20Text%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ali%2C%20L.%20Mathew%2C%20S.%20Knowledge%20Base%20Construction%20from%20Unstructured%20Text%202019)

[^68]: Bi, Y.; Song, L.; Yao, M.; Wu, Z.; Wang, J.; Xiao, J. DCDIR: A Deep Cross-Domain Recommendation System for Cold Start Users in Insurance Domain. In Proceedings of the SIGIR 2020: 43rd International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Xi’an, China, 25–30 July 2020; ACM, Inc: New York, NY, USA, 2020; pp. 1661–1664. [CrossRef] [[Bi_et+al_DcdirDeepCrossdomainRecommendationSystem_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bi%2C%20Y.%20Song%2C%20L.%20Yao%2C%20M.%20Wu%2C%20Z.%20DCDIR%3A%20A%20Deep%20Cross-Domain%20Recommendation%20System%20for%20Cold%20Start%20Users%20in%20Insurance%20Domain%202020-07-25) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bi%2C%20Y.%20Song%2C%20L.%20Yao%2C%20M.%20Wu%2C%20Z.%20DCDIR%3A%20A%20Deep%20Cross-Domain%20Recommendation%20System%20for%20Cold%20Start%20Users%20in%20Insurance%20Domain%202020-07-25) 

[^69]: Chen, X.; Jia, S.; Xiang, Y. A review: Knowledge reasoning over knowledge graph. Expert Syst. Appl. 2020, 141, 112948. [CrossRef] [[Chen_et+al_ReviewKnowledgeReasoningOverKnowledge_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Chen%2C%20X.%20Jia%2C%20S.%20Xiang%2C%20Y.%20A%20review%3A%20Knowledge%20reasoning%20over%20knowledge%20graph%202020&author=Chen&title=A%20review%3A%20Knowledge%20reasoning%20over%20knowledge%20graph&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chen%2C%20X.%20Jia%2C%20S.%20Xiang%2C%20Y.%20A%20review%3A%20Knowledge%20reasoning%20over%20knowledge%20graph%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Chen%2C%20X.%20Jia%2C%20S.%20Xiang%2C%20Y.%20A%20review%3A%20Knowledge%20reasoning%20over%20knowledge%20graph%202020)

[^70]: Dong, X.; Li, T.; Ding, Z. An ontology enhanced user profiling algorithm based on application feedback. In Proceedings of the 2019 IEEE 43rd Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference (COMPSAC), Milwaukee, WI, USA, 15–19 July 2019; IEEE Computer Society: Washington, DC, USA, 2019; Volume 1, pp. 316–325. [CrossRef] [[Dong_et+al_OntologyEnhancedUserProfilingAlgorithm_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Dong%2C%20X.%20Li%2C%20T.%20Ding%2C%20Z.%20An%20ontology%20enhanced%20user%20profiling%20algorithm%20based%20on%20application%20feedback%202019-07-15) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Dong%2C%20X.%20Li%2C%20T.%20Ding%2C%20Z.%20An%20ontology%20enhanced%20user%20profiling%20algorithm%20based%20on%20application%20feedback%202019-07-15) 

[^71]: Esteban, C.; Yang, Y.; Tresp, V. Embedding mapping approaches for tensor factorization and knowledge graph modelling. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2016; Volume 9678, pp. 199–213. [CrossRef] [[Esteban_et+al_EmbeddingMappingApproachesTensorFactorization_2016]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Esteban%2C%20C.%20Yang%2C%20Y.%20Tresp%2C%20V.%20Embedding%20mapping%20approaches%20for%20tensor%20factorization%20and%20knowledge%20graph%20modelling%202016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Esteban%2C%20C.%20Yang%2C%20Y.%20Tresp%2C%20V.%20Embedding%20mapping%20approaches%20for%20tensor%20factorization%20and%20knowledge%20graph%20modelling%202016) 

[^72]: Fischer, L.; Blanco, R.; Mika, P.; Bernstein, A. Timely semantics: A study of a stream-based ranking system for entity relationships. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2015; Volume 9367, pp. 429–445. [CrossRef] [[Fischer_et+al_TimelySemanticsStudyStreambasedRanking_2015]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fischer%2C%20L.%20Blanco%2C%20R.%20Mika%2C%20P.%20Bernstein%2C%20A.%20Timely%20semantics%3A%20A%20study%20of%20a%20stream-based%20ranking%20system%20for%20entity%20relationships%202015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fischer%2C%20L.%20Blanco%2C%20R.%20Mika%2C%20P.%20Bernstein%2C%20A.%20Timely%20semantics%3A%20A%20study%20of%20a%20stream-based%20ranking%20system%20for%20entity%20relationships%202015) 

[^73]: Li, A.; Wang, X.; Wang, W.; Zhang, A.; Li, B. A survey of relation extraction of knowledge graphs. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2019; Volume 11809, pp. 52–66. [CrossRef] [[Li_et+al_SurveyRelationExtractionKnowledgeGraphs_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Li%2C%20A.%20Wang%2C%20X.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20Zhang%2C%20A.%20A%20survey%20of%20relation%20extraction%20of%20knowledge%20graphs%202019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Li%2C%20A.%20Wang%2C%20X.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20Zhang%2C%20A.%20A%20survey%20of%20relation%20extraction%20of%20knowledge%20graphs%202019) 

[^74]: Oramas, S.; Ostuni, V.C.; Di Noia, T.; Serra, X.; Di Sciascio, E. Sound and music recommendation with knowledge graphs. ACM Trans. Intell. Syst. Technol. 2016, 8, 1–21. [CrossRef] [[Oramas_et+al_SoundMusicRecommendationWithKnowledge_2016]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Oramas%2C%20S.%20Ostuni%2C%20V.C.%20Noia%2C%20T.%20Serra%2C%20X.%20Sound%20and%20music%20recommendation%20with%20knowledge%20graphs%202016&author=Oramas&title=Sound%20and%20music%20recommendation%20with%20knowledge%20graphs&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Oramas%2C%20S.%20Ostuni%2C%20V.C.%20Noia%2C%20T.%20Serra%2C%20X.%20Sound%20and%20music%20recommendation%20with%20knowledge%20graphs%202016) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Oramas%2C%20S.%20Ostuni%2C%20V.C.%20Noia%2C%20T.%20Serra%2C%20X.%20Sound%20and%20music%20recommendation%20with%20knowledge%20graphs%202016)

[^75]: Chari, S. Ontology-Enabled Analysis of Study Populations; ISWC Satellites 2019; CEUR: Luxembourg, 2019. [[Chari_OntologyenabledAnalysisStudyPopulationsIswc_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chari%20S%20OntologyEnabled%20Analysis%20of%20Study%20Populations%20ISWC%20Satellites%202019%20CEUR%20Luxembourg%202019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chari%20S%20OntologyEnabled%20Analysis%20of%20Study%20Populations%20ISWC%20Satellites%202019%20CEUR%20Luxembourg%202019) 

[^76]: Tomeo, P.; Fernández-Tobías, I.; Cantador, I.; Di Noia, T. Addressing the Cold Start with Positive-Only Feedback Through Semantic-Based Recommendations. Int. J. Uncertain. Fuzziness Knowl. Based Syst. 2017, 25, 57–78. [CrossRef] [[Tomeo_et+al_AddressingColdStartWithPositiveonly_2017]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Tomeo%2C%20P.%20Fern%C3%A1ndez-Tob%C3%ADas%2C%20I.%20Cantador%2C%20I.%20Noia%2C%20T.%20Addressing%20the%20Cold%20Start%20with%20Positive-Only%20Feedback%20Through%20Semantic-Based%20Recommendations%202017&author=Tomeo&title=Addressing%20the%20Cold%20Start%20with%20Positive-Only%20Feedback%20Through%20Semantic-Based%20Recommendations&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Tomeo%2C%20P.%20Fern%C3%A1ndez-Tob%C3%ADas%2C%20I.%20Cantador%2C%20I.%20Noia%2C%20T.%20Addressing%20the%20Cold%20Start%20with%20Positive-Only%20Feedback%20Through%20Semantic-Based%20Recommendations%202017) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Tomeo%2C%20P.%20Fern%C3%A1ndez-Tob%C3%ADas%2C%20I.%20Cantador%2C%20I.%20Noia%2C%20T.%20Addressing%20the%20Cold%20Start%20with%20Positive-Only%20Feedback%20Through%20Semantic-Based%20Recommendations%202017)

[^77]: Tumpa, S.N.; Masroor Ali, M. Document Concept Hierarchy Generation by Extracting Semantic Tree Using Knowledge Graph. In Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International WIE Conference on Electrical and Computer Engineering, WIECON-ECE 2018, Chonburi, Thailand, 14–16 December 2018; IEEE Inc.: Piscataway, NJ, USA, 2018; pp. 83–86. [CrossRef] [[Tumpa_DocumentConceptHierarchyGenerationExtracting_2018]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Tumpa%2C%20S.N.%20Masroor%20Ali%2C%20M.%20Document%20Concept%20Hierarchy%20Generation%20by%20Extracting%20Semantic%20Tree%20Using%20Knowledge%20Graph%202018-12-14) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Tumpa%2C%20S.N.%20Masroor%20Ali%2C%20M.%20Document%20Concept%20Hierarchy%20Generation%20by%20Extracting%20Semantic%20Tree%20Using%20Knowledge%20Graph%202018-12-14) 

[^78]: Wang, Q.; Xiong, Y.; Zhu, Y.; Yu, P.S. KASR: Knowledge-Aware Sequential Recommendation. In Web and Big Data; Wang, X., Zhang, R., Lee, Y.K., Sun, L., Moon, Y.S., Eds.; Springer International Publishing: Cham, Switzerland, 2020; pp. 493–508. [[Wang_et+al_KasrKnowledgeawareSequentialRecommendation_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20Q.%20Xiong%2C%20Y.%20Zhu%2C%20Y.%20Yu%2C%20P.S.%20KASR%3A%20Knowledge-Aware%20Sequential%20Recommendation%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20Q.%20Xiong%2C%20Y.%20Zhu%2C%20Y.%20Yu%2C%20P.S.%20KASR%3A%20Knowledge-Aware%20Sequential%20Recommendation%202020) 

[^79]: Wu, J.; Lécué, F.; Gueret, C.; Hayes, J.; van de Moosdijk, S.; Gallagher, G.; McCanney, P.; Eichelberger, E. Personalizing actions in context for risk management using semantic web technologies. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2017; Volume 10588, pp. 367–383. [CrossRef] [[Wu_et+al_PersonalizingActionsContextRiskManagement_2017]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wu%2C%20J.%20L%C3%A9cu%C3%A9%2C%20F.%20Gueret%2C%20C.%20Hayes%2C%20J.%20Personalizing%20actions%20in%20context%20for%20risk%20management%20using%20semantic%20web%20technologies%202017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wu%2C%20J.%20L%C3%A9cu%C3%A9%2C%20F.%20Gueret%2C%20C.%20Hayes%2C%20J.%20Personalizing%20actions%20in%20context%20for%20risk%20management%20using%20semantic%20web%20technologies%202017) 

[^80]: Zhao, X.; Zeng, W.; Tang, J.; Wang, W.; Suchanek, F. An Experimental Study of State-of-the-Art Entity Alignment Approaches. IEEE Trans. Knowl. Data Eng. 2020. [CrossRef] [[Zhao_et+al_ExperimentalStudyStateartEntityAlignment_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Zhao%2C%20X.%20Zeng%2C%20W.%20Tang%2C%20J.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20An%20Experimental%20Study%20of%20State-of-the-Art%20Entity%20Alignment%20Approaches%202020&author=Zhao&title=An%20Experimental%20Study%20of%20State-of-the-Art%20Entity%20Alignment%20Approaches&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhao%2C%20X.%20Zeng%2C%20W.%20Tang%2C%20J.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20An%20Experimental%20Study%20of%20State-of-the-Art%20Entity%20Alignment%20Approaches%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Zhao%2C%20X.%20Zeng%2C%20W.%20Tang%2C%20J.%20Wang%2C%20W.%20An%20Experimental%20Study%20of%20State-of-the-Art%20Entity%20Alignment%20Approaches%202020)

[^81]: Zhu, S.; Li, Y.; Shao, Y.; Wang, L. Building Semantic Dependency Knowledge Graph Based on HowNet. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Springer: Berlin, Germany, 2020; Volume 11831, pp. 525–534. [CrossRef] [[Zhu_et+al_BuildingSemanticDependencyKnowledgeGraph_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhu%2C%20S.%20Li%2C%20Y.%20Shao%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20L.%20Building%20Semantic%20Dependency%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Based%20on%20HowNet%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhu%2C%20S.%20Li%2C%20Y.%20Shao%2C%20Y.%20Wang%2C%20L.%20Building%20Semantic%20Dependency%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Based%20on%20HowNet%202020) 

[^82]: Qin, C.; Zhu, H.; Zhuang, F.; Guo, Q.; Zhang, Q.; Zhang, L.; Wang, C.; Chen, E.; Xiong, H. A survey on knowledge graph-based recommender systems. Sci. Sin. Inf. 2020, 50, 937–956. [CrossRef] [[Qin_et+al_SurveyKnowledgeGraphbasedRecommenderSystems_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Qin%2C%20C.%20Zhu%2C%20H.%20Zhuang%2C%20F.%20Guo%2C%20Q.%20A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph-based%20recommender%20systems%202020&author=Qin&title=A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph-based%20recommender%20systems&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Qin%2C%20C.%20Zhu%2C%20H.%20Zhuang%2C%20F.%20Guo%2C%20Q.%20A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph-based%20recommender%20systems%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Qin%2C%20C.%20Zhu%2C%20H.%20Zhuang%2C%20F.%20Guo%2C%20Q.%20A%20survey%20on%20knowledge%20graph-based%20recommender%20systems%202020)

[^83]: Forouzandeh, S.; Berahmand, K.; Rostami, M. Presentation of a recommender system with ensemble learning and graph embedding: A case on MovieLens. Multimed. Tools Appl. 2020. [CrossRef] [[Forouzandeh_et+al_PresentationRecommenderSystemWithEnsemble_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Forouzandeh%2C%20S.%20Berahmand%2C%20K.%20Rostami%2C%20M.%20Presentation%20of%20a%20recommender%20system%20with%20ensemble%20learning%20and%20graph%20embedding%3A%20A%20case%20on%20MovieLens%202020&author=Forouzandeh&title=Presentation%20of%20a%20recommender%20system%20with%20ensemble%20learning%20and%20graph%20embedding%3A%20A%20case%20on%20MovieLens&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Forouzandeh%2C%20S.%20Berahmand%2C%20K.%20Rostami%2C%20M.%20Presentation%20of%20a%20recommender%20system%20with%20ensemble%20learning%20and%20graph%20embedding%3A%20A%20case%20on%20MovieLens%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Forouzandeh%2C%20S.%20Berahmand%2C%20K.%20Rostami%2C%20M.%20Presentation%20of%20a%20recommender%20system%20with%20ensemble%20learning%20and%20graph%20embedding%3A%20A%20case%20on%20MovieLens%202020)

[^84]: Zhou, K.; Zhao, W.X.; Bian, S.; Zhou, Y.; Wen, J.R.; Yu, J. Improving Conversational Recommender Systems via Knowledge Graph Based Semantic Fusion. In KDD ’20: Proceedings of the 26th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery I& Data Mining; Association for Computing Machinery: New York, NY, USA, 2020; pp. 1006–1014. [CrossRef] [[Zhou_et+al_ImprovingConversationalRecommenderSystemsKnowledge_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhou%2C%20K.%20Zhao%2C%20W.X.%20Bian%2C%20S.%20Zhou%2C%20Y.%20Improving%20Conversational%20Recommender%20Systems%20via%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Based%20Semantic%20Fusion%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhou%2C%20K.%20Zhao%2C%20W.X.%20Bian%2C%20S.%20Zhou%2C%20Y.%20Improving%20Conversational%20Recommender%20Systems%20via%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Based%20Semantic%20Fusion%202020) 

[^85]: Sarkar, R.; Goswami, K.; Arcan, M.; McCrae, J.P. Suggest me a movie for tonight: Leveraging Knowledge Graphs for Conversational Recommendation. In Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Computational Linguistics, Barcelona, Spain (Online), 8–13 December; International Committee on Computational Linguistics: Barcelona, Spain (Online), 2020; pp. 4179–4189. [CrossRef] [[Sarkar_et+al_SuggestMovieTonightLeveragingKnowledge_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sarkar%2C%20R.%20Goswami%2C%20K.%20Arcan%2C%20M.%20McCrae%2C%20J.P.%20Suggest%20me%20a%20movie%20for%20tonight%3A%20Leveraging%20Knowledge%20Graphs%20for%20Conversational%20Recommendation%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sarkar%2C%20R.%20Goswami%2C%20K.%20Arcan%2C%20M.%20McCrae%2C%20J.P.%20Suggest%20me%20a%20movie%20for%20tonight%3A%20Leveraging%20Knowledge%20Graphs%20for%20Conversational%20Recommendation%202020) 

[^86]: Carrer-Neto, W.; Hernández-Alcaraz, M.L.; Valencia-García, R.; García-Sánchez, F. Social knowledge-based recommender system. Application to the movies domain. Expert Syst. Appl. 2012, 39, 10990–11000. [CrossRef] [[Carrer-Neto_et+al_SocialKnowledgebasedRecommenderSystemApplication_2012]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Carrer-Neto%2C%20W.%20Hern%C3%A1ndez-Alcaraz%2C%20M.L.%20Valencia-Garc%C3%ADa%2C%20R.%20Garc%C3%ADa-S%C3%A1nchez%2C%20F.%20Social%20knowledge-based%20recommender%20system.%20Application%20to%20the%20movies%20domain%202012&author=Carrer-Neto&title=Social%20knowledge-based%20recommender%20system.%20Application%20to%20the%20movies%20domain&year=2012) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Carrer-Neto%2C%20W.%20Hern%C3%A1ndez-Alcaraz%2C%20M.L.%20Valencia-Garc%C3%ADa%2C%20R.%20Garc%C3%ADa-S%C3%A1nchez%2C%20F.%20Social%20knowledge-based%20recommender%20system.%20Application%20to%20the%20movies%20domain%202012) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Carrer-Neto%2C%20W.%20Hern%C3%A1ndez-Alcaraz%2C%20M.L.%20Valencia-Garc%C3%ADa%2C%20R.%20Garc%C3%ADa-S%C3%A1nchez%2C%20F.%20Social%20knowledge-based%20recommender%20system.%20Application%20to%20the%20movies%20domain%202012)

[^87]: Teng, Y.; Shi, Y.; Tsai, J.; Shuai, H.; Tai, C.; Yang, D. Optimizing Social-Topic Engagement on Social Network and Knowledge Graph. In Proceedings of the 2019 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM), Waikoloa, HI, USA, 9–13 December 2019; pp. 1–6. [CrossRef] [[Teng_et+al_OptimizingSocialtopicEngagementSocialNetwork_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Teng%2C%20Y.%20Shi%2C%20Y.%20Tsai%2C%20J.%20Shuai%2C%20H.%20Optimizing%20Social-Topic%20Engagement%20on%20Social%20Network%20and%20Knowledge%20Graph%202019-12-09) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Teng%2C%20Y.%20Shi%2C%20Y.%20Tsai%2C%20J.%20Shuai%2C%20H.%20Optimizing%20Social-Topic%20Engagement%20on%20Social%20Network%20and%20Knowledge%20Graph%202019-12-09) 

[^88]: Chen, M.; Liu, P. Performance Evaluation of Recommender Systems. Int. J. Perform. Eng. 2017, 13, 1246–1256. [CrossRef] [[Chen_PerformanceEvaluationRecommenderSystems_2017]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Chen%2C%20M.%20Liu%2C%20P.%20Performance%20Evaluation%20of%20Recommender%20Systems%202017&author=Chen&title=Performance%20Evaluation%20of%20Recommender%20Systems&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chen%2C%20M.%20Liu%2C%20P.%20Performance%20Evaluation%20of%20Recommender%20Systems%202017) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Chen%2C%20M.%20Liu%2C%20P.%20Performance%20Evaluation%20of%20Recommender%20Systems%202017)

[^89]: Mendoza, M.; Torres, N. Evaluating content novelty in recommender systems. J. Intell. Inf. Syst. 2020, 54, 297–316. [CrossRef] [[Mendoza_EvaluatingContentNoveltyRecommenderSystems_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Mendoza%2C%20M.%20Torres%2C%20N.%20Evaluating%20content%20novelty%20in%20recommender%20systems%202020&author=Mendoza&title=Evaluating%20content%20novelty%20in%20recommender%20systems&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Mendoza%2C%20M.%20Torres%2C%20N.%20Evaluating%20content%20novelty%20in%20recommender%20systems%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Mendoza%2C%20M.%20Torres%2C%20N.%20Evaluating%20content%20novelty%20in%20recommender%20systems%202020)

[^90]: Kunaver, M.; PoÅŸrl, T. Diversity in recommender systems: A survey. Knowl. Based Syst. 2017, 123, 154–162. [CrossRef] [[Kunaver_DiversityRecommenderSystemsSurvey_2017]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kunaver%2C%20M.%20Po%C3%85%C5%B8rl%2C%20T.%20Diversity%20in%20recommender%20systems%3A%20A%20survey%202017&author=Kunaver&title=Diversity%20in%20recommender%20systems%3A%20A%20survey&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kunaver%2C%20M.%20Po%C3%85%C5%B8rl%2C%20T.%20Diversity%20in%20recommender%20systems%3A%20A%20survey%202017) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kunaver%2C%20M.%20Po%C3%85%C5%B8rl%2C%20T.%20Diversity%20in%20recommender%20systems%3A%20A%20survey%202017)

[^91]: Díez, J.; Martínez-Rego, D.; Alonso-Betanzos, A.; Luaces, O.; Bahamonde, A. Optimizing novelty and diversity in recommendations. Prog. Artif. Intell. 2019, 8, 101–109. [CrossRef] [[D_et+al_OptimizingNoveltyDiversityRecommendations_2019]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=D%C3%ADez%2C%20J.%20Mart%C3%ADnez-Rego%2C%20D.%20Alonso-Betanzos%2C%20A.%20Luaces%2C%20O.%20Optimizing%20novelty%20and%20diversity%20in%20recommendations%202019&author=D&title=Optimizing%20novelty%20and%20diversity%20in%20recommendations&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=D%C3%ADez%2C%20J.%20Mart%C3%ADnez-Rego%2C%20D.%20Alonso-Betanzos%2C%20A.%20Luaces%2C%20O.%20Optimizing%20novelty%20and%20diversity%20in%20recommendations%202019) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=D%C3%ADez%2C%20J.%20Mart%C3%ADnez-Rego%2C%20D.%20Alonso-Betanzos%2C%20A.%20Luaces%2C%20O.%20Optimizing%20novelty%20and%20diversity%20in%20recommendations%202019)

[^92]: Zhong, Y.; Song, X.; Yang, B.; Jiang, C.; Luo, X. An Interpretable Recommendations Approach Based on User Preferences and Knowledge Graph. In Advances in Swarm Intelligence; Tan, Y., Shi, Y., Niu, B., Eds.; Springer International Publishing: Cham, Switzerland, 2019; pp. 326–337. [[Zhong_et+al_InterpretableRecommendationsApproachBasedUser_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhong%2C%20Y.%20Song%2C%20X.%20Yang%2C%20B.%20Jiang%2C%20C.%20An%20Interpretable%20Recommendations%20Approach%20Based%20on%20User%20Preferences%20and%20Knowledge%20Graph%202019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Zhong%2C%20Y.%20Song%2C%20X.%20Yang%2C%20B.%20Jiang%2C%20C.%20An%20Interpretable%20Recommendations%20Approach%20Based%20on%20User%20Preferences%20and%20Knowledge%20Graph%202019) 

[^93]: Palumbo, E.; Monti, D.; Rizzo, G.; Troncy, R.; Baralis, E. entity2rec: Property-specific knowledge graph embeddings for item recommendation. Expert Syst. Appl. 2020, 151, 113235. [CrossRef] [[Palumbo_et+al_Entity2recPropertyspecificKnowledgeGraphEmbeddings_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Palumbo%2C%20E.%20Monti%2C%20D.%20Rizzo%2C%20G.%20Troncy%2C%20R.%20entity2rec%3A%20Property-specific%20knowledge%20graph%20embeddings%20for%20item%20recommendation%202020&author=Palumbo&title=entity2rec%3A%20Property-specific%20knowledge%20graph%20embeddings%20for%20item%20recommendation&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Palumbo%2C%20E.%20Monti%2C%20D.%20Rizzo%2C%20G.%20Troncy%2C%20R.%20entity2rec%3A%20Property-specific%20knowledge%20graph%20embeddings%20for%20item%20recommendation%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Palumbo%2C%20E.%20Monti%2C%20D.%20Rizzo%2C%20G.%20Troncy%2C%20R.%20entity2rec%3A%20Property-specific%20knowledge%20graph%20embeddings%20for%20item%20recommendation%202020)

[^94]: Lully, V.; Laublet, P.; Stankovic, M.; Radulovic, F. Enhancing explanations in recommender systems with knowledge graphs. Procedia Comput. Sci. 2018, 137, 211–222. [CrossRef] [[Lully_et+al_EnhancingExplanationsRecommenderSystemsWith_2018]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Lully%2C%20V.%20Laublet%2C%20P.%20Stankovic%2C%20M.%20Radulovic%2C%20F.%20Enhancing%20explanations%20in%20recommender%20systems%20with%20knowledge%20graphs%202018&author=Lully&title=Enhancing%20explanations%20in%20recommender%20systems%20with%20knowledge%20graphs&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Lully%2C%20V.%20Laublet%2C%20P.%20Stankovic%2C%20M.%20Radulovic%2C%20F.%20Enhancing%20explanations%20in%20recommender%20systems%20with%20knowledge%20graphs%202018) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Lully%2C%20V.%20Laublet%2C%20P.%20Stankovic%2C%20M.%20Radulovic%2C%20F.%20Enhancing%20explanations%20in%20recommender%20systems%20with%20knowledge%20graphs%202018)

[^95]: Xie, L.; Hu, Z.; Cai, X.; Zhang, W.; Chen, J. Explainable recommendation based on knowledge graph and multi-objective optimization. Complex Intell. Syst. 2021. [CrossRef] [[Xie_et+al_ExplainableRecommendationBasedKnowledgeGraph_2021]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Xie%2C%20L.%20Hu%2C%20Z.%20Cai%2C%20X.%20Zhang%2C%20W.%20Explainable%20recommendation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20and%20multi-objective%20optimization%202021&author=Xie&title=Explainable%20recommendation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20and%20multi-objective%20optimization&year=2021) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Xie%2C%20L.%20Hu%2C%20Z.%20Cai%2C%20X.%20Zhang%2C%20W.%20Explainable%20recommendation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20and%20multi-objective%20optimization%202021) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Xie%2C%20L.%20Hu%2C%20Z.%20Cai%2C%20X.%20Zhang%2C%20W.%20Explainable%20recommendation%20based%20on%20knowledge%20graph%20and%20multi-objective%20optimization%202021)

[^96]: Nasiri, M.; Minaei, B.; Kiani, A. Dynamic Recommendation: Disease Prediction and Prevention Using Recommender System. Int. J. Basic Sci. Med. 2016, 1, 13–17. [CrossRef] [[Nasiri_et+al_DynamicRecommendationDiseasePredictionPrevention_2016]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Nasiri%2C%20M.%20Minaei%2C%20B.%20Kiani%2C%20A.%20Dynamic%20Recommendation%3A%20Disease%20Prediction%20and%20Prevention%20Using%20Recommender%20System%202016&author=Nasiri&title=Dynamic%20Recommendation%3A%20Disease%20Prediction%20and%20Prevention%20Using%20Recommender%20System&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Nasiri%2C%20M.%20Minaei%2C%20B.%20Kiani%2C%20A.%20Dynamic%20Recommendation%3A%20Disease%20Prediction%20and%20Prevention%20Using%20Recommender%20System%202016) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Nasiri%2C%20M.%20Minaei%2C%20B.%20Kiani%2C%20A.%20Dynamic%20Recommendation%3A%20Disease%20Prediction%20and%20Prevention%20Using%20Recommender%20System%202016)

[^97]: Tareq, S.U.; Noor, M.H.; Bepery, C. Framework of dynamic recommendation system for e-shopping. Int. J. Inf. Technol. 2020, 12, 135–140. [CrossRef] [[Tareq_et+al_FrameworkDynamicRecommendationSystemshopping_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Tareq%2C%20S.U.%20Noor%2C%20M.H.%20Bepery%2C%20C.%20Framework%20of%20dynamic%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-shopping%202020&author=Tareq&title=Framework%20of%20dynamic%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-shopping&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Tareq%2C%20S.U.%20Noor%2C%20M.H.%20Bepery%2C%20C.%20Framework%20of%20dynamic%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-shopping%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Tareq%2C%20S.U.%20Noor%2C%20M.H.%20Bepery%2C%20C.%20Framework%20of%20dynamic%20recommendation%20system%20for%20e-shopping%202020)

[^98]: Ma, J.; Chen, H.; Jiang, S.; Huang, Z. A dynamic recommendation approach in online social networks. In Proceedings of the 2018 13th IEEE Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications (ICIEA), Wuhan, China, 31 May–2 June 2018; pp. 364–369. [CrossRef] [[Ma_et+al_DynamicRecommendationApproachOnlineSocial_2018]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ma%2C%20J.%20Chen%2C%20H.%20Jiang%2C%20S.%20Huang%2C%20Z.%20A%20dynamic%20recommendation%20approach%20in%20online%20social%20networks%202018-05-31) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ma%2C%20J.%20Chen%2C%20H.%20Jiang%2C%20S.%20Huang%2C%20Z.%20A%20dynamic%20recommendation%20approach%20in%20online%20social%20networks%202018-05-31) 

[^99]: Hamilton, W.L. Graph Representation Learning Hamilton; Morgan and Claypool Publishers: San Rafael, CA, USA, 2020; Volume 14, pp. 1–159. [CrossRef] [[Hamilton_GraphRepresentationLearningHamilton_2020]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Hamilton%2C%20W.L.%20Graph%20Representation%20Learning%20Hamilton%202020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Hamilton%2C%20W.L.%20Graph%20Representation%20Learning%20Hamilton%202020) 

[^100]: Wang, X.; He, X.; Cao, Y.; Liu, M.; Chua, T.S. KGAT: Knowledge Graph Attention Network for Recommendation. In Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining (KDD ’19), Anchorage, AK, USA, 4–8 August 2019; Association for Computing Machinery: New York, NY, USA, 2019; pp. 950–958. [CrossRef] [[Wang_et+al_KgatKnowledgeGraphAttentionNetwork_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20X.%20Cao%2C%20Y.%20Liu%2C%20M.%20KGAT%3A%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Attention%20Network%20for%20Recommendation%202019-08-04) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20X.%20He%2C%20X.%20Cao%2C%20Y.%20Liu%2C%20M.%20KGAT%3A%20Knowledge%20Graph%20Attention%20Network%20for%20Recommendation%202019-08-04) 

[^101]: Kojima, R.; Ishida, S.; Ohta, M.; Iwata, H.; Honma, T.; Okuno, Y. kGCN: A graph-based deep learning framework for chemical structures. J. Cheminform. 2020, 12, 32. [CrossRef] [PubMed] [[Kojima_et+al_KgcnGraphbasedDeepLearningFramework_2020]] [OA](https://api.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kojima%2C%20R.%20Ishida%2C%20S.%20Ohta%2C%20M.%20Iwata%2C%20H.%20kGCN%3A%20A%20graph-based%20deep%20learning%20framework%20for%20chemical%20structures%202020&author=Kojima&title=kGCN%3A%20A%20graph-based%20deep%20learning%20framework%20for%20chemical%20structures&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kojima%2C%20R.%20Ishida%2C%20S.%20Ohta%2C%20M.%20Iwata%2C%20H.%20kGCN%3A%20A%20graph-based%20deep%20learning%20framework%20for%20chemical%20structures%202020) [Scite](https://api.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kojima%2C%20R.%20Ishida%2C%20S.%20Ohta%2C%20M.%20Iwata%2C%20H.%20kGCN%3A%20A%20graph-based%20deep%20learning%20framework%20for%20chemical%20structures%202020)

[^102]: Wang, H.; Zhang, F.; Zhang, M.; Leskovec, J.; Zhao, M.; Li, W.; Wang, Z. Knowledge-Aware Graph Neural Networks with Label Smoothness Regularization for Recommender Systems. In Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining (KDD ’19), Anchorage, AK, USA, 4–8 August 2019; Association for Computing Machinery: New York, NY, USA, 2019; pp. 968–977. [CrossRef]  [[Wang_et+al_KnowledgeawareGraphNeuralNetworksWith_2019]] [OA](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20H.%20Zhang%2C%20F.%20Zhang%2C%20M.%20Leskovec%2C%20J.%20Knowledge-Aware%20Graph%20Neural%20Networks%20with%20Label%20Smoothness%20Regularization%20for%20Recommender%20Systems%202019-08-04) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wang%2C%20H.%20Zhang%2C%20F.%20Zhang%2C%20M.%20Leskovec%2C%20J.%20Knowledge-Aware%20Graph%20Neural%20Networks%20with%20Label%20Smoothness%20Regularization%20for%20Recommender%20Systems%202019-08-04) 

